Accreditation of International Journalists | Government of Botswana Skip to main content GOV.BW Search Main navigation Home Services Agriculture Benefits and Payments Culture, Sports and Tourism Education and Learning Health and Wellness Immigration and Civil Registration Labour and Employment Land, Construction and Housing Law, Crime and Justice Living in Botswana Licensing & Permits Natural Resources and Environment Social Services Trade and Industry Transport and Communications Service Links Administration of Justice Animal Traceability and Identification Independent Electoral commission Laws of Botswana Ministry of Finance and Economic Development Parliament of Botswana Tourism Services Trade and Industry Vehicle License Renewal e-visa e-Services About Government Contact Us Ministries and Agencies Parastatals Publications Local Authorities Land Boards About Botswana About our Country Public Holidays School Terms News & Events Events News Press Releases Contact Us COVID-19 Breadcrumb Home » Living in Botswana » Diplomacy » Accreditation of International Journalists Accreditation of International Journalists Overview Facilitation of international journalists for news coverage while in the country. The application must be submitted at least one month before the intended travel to Botswana. Who is eligible? International Journalist. How do I get this service? Download, complete and submit the Press Accreditation Form with the relevant supporting documents. What supporting documents are required? Copies of the first two pages of the applicant’s passport Two (2) passport sized photos An official assignment letter from the media organisation. This letter should: Confirm that the journalist/photographer is on an assignment for the news agency/newspaper/station State the event or topic the journalist/photographer is covering Provide the time frame required for coverage Provide a copy of the press card or other form of identification that confirms that the journalist is employed by the specific media house How long will this service take? Three (3) working days. How much does it cost? No cost. Where can I get more information on this Service Public Relations office Office of the President Government Enclave Private Bag 001 Gaborone, Botswana Tel. (+267) 369 8516 / 395 0873 Email: op-pr-office [at] gov.bw Opening hours: 07:30 to 12:45 then 13:45 to 16:30, Monday to Friday except, public holidays. Related Forms Accredidation Form.pdf (255.73 KB) Give Us Feedback Your name Your email address Subject Message Link Footer Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Give Us Feedback enquiries [at] gov.bw () Copyright © 2022. All right reserved. Government of Botswana.