Accreditation of Private Garages  | Government of Botswana Skip to main content GOV.BW Search Main navigation Home Services Agriculture Benefits and Payments Culture, Sports and Tourism Education and Learning Health and Wellness Immigration and Civil Registration Labour and Employment Land, Construction and Housing Law, Crime and Justice Living in Botswana Licensing & Permits Natural Resources and Environment Social Services Trade and Industry Transport and Communications Service Links Administration of Justice Animal Traceability and Identification Independent Electoral commission Laws of Botswana Ministry of Finance and Economic Development Parliament of Botswana Tourism Services Trade and Industry Vehicle License Renewal e-visa e-Services About Government Contact Us Ministries and Agencies Parastatals Publications Local Authorities Land Boards About Botswana About our Country Public Holidays School Terms News & Events Events News Press Releases Contact Us COVID-19 Breadcrumb Home » Transport and Communications » Transport » Accreditation of Private Garages Accreditation of Private Garages Overview Central Transport Organisation (CTO) conducts accreditation of private garages bi-annually; that is in April/May and October/November. This is a process of vetting services offered by private garages and dealerships to Government Ministries/Departments. The purpose of this exercise is to ensure that quality service is provided in accordance with expected national and international standards. Garages and Workshops that conform to stipulated requirements are issued with certificates valid for one (1) year. Accreditation Certificates are issued in three categories as follows: Categories Category A-Small cars Category B-Trucks and Buses Category C-Plant Machinery Accreditation Certificates are also issued in three(3) classes; Classes Class 1-Repairs below BWP 30,000 Class 2-Repairs between BWP 30,000 and BWP 60,000 Class 3-Repairs above BWP 60,000 When Accreditation Certificate expires, Garage owners have an obligation of requesting for renewal of which CTO will then initiate the process to complete the renewal. The process of renewal involves a visit to these premises and the inspection is carried out in the same manner as the initial one. Who is eligible? Citizen and non-citizen owned garages. How do I get this service? Respond to invitation to submit applications for private garage registration and accreditation as advertised in the media. Preliminary evaluation will be conducted . Site visit and inspection to premises/workshops of all the applicants to check compliance of their accommodation, tools & equipment etc. Final evaluation report is compiled to show which companies met the requirements for accreditation. The report is sent to Ministerial Tender Committee (MTC) for adjudication with recommendations and all supporting documents. After approval by Ministry of Transport and Communications, successful applicants are issued with certificates and made to sign Service Level Agreements (SLAs) whilst unsuccessful ones are written letters with inspection forms attached to show where they did not meet the requirements. What supporting documents are required? Tax Clearance Trading License PPADB Registration document Insurance Document How long will this service take? Two (2) months. How much does it cost? Free. Where can I obtain this service? Central Transport Organisation (CTO) Head Office Quality Assurance Unit -Private Garage Registration and Accreditation Opening hours are from 07:30 to 16:30, Monday to Friday, except public holidays. Where can I get more information on this Service Central Transport Organisation Head Office Private Bag X048, Gaborone Tel: 3934490 Central Business District (CBD), Varsha House Plot 54357 Gaborone Tollfree Number: 17779 Email: mtcpro@gov.bw Give Us Feedback Your name Your email address Subject Message Link Footer Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Give Us Feedback enquiries [at] gov.bw () Copyright © 2022. All right reserved. Government of Botswana.