Adjudication of Civil Cases  | Government of Botswana Skip to main content GOV.BW Search Main navigation Home Services Agriculture Benefits and Payments Culture, Sports and Tourism Education and Learning Health and Wellness Immigration and Civil Registration Labour and Employment Land, Construction and Housing Law, Crime and Justice Living in Botswana Licensing & Permits Natural Resources and Environment Social Services Trade and Industry Transport and Communications Service Links Administration of Justice Animal Traceability and Identification Independent Electoral commission Laws of Botswana Ministry of Finance and Economic Development Parliament of Botswana Tourism Services Trade and Industry Vehicle License Renewal e-visa e-Services About Government Contact Us Ministries and Agencies Parastatals Publications Local Authorities Land Boards About Botswana About our Country Public Holidays School Terms News & Events Events News Press Releases Contact Us COVID-19 Breadcrumb Home » Law, Crime and Justice » legal » Adjudication of Civil Cases Adjudication of Civil Cases Overview Civil cases include; Disputes between individuals Dispute between companies. Dispute between company and individuals The High Court has unlimited Jurisdiction The Magistrate Court has a limited jurisdiction of BWP 60, 000.00 Who is eligible? High Court (Claim exceeding BWP 60 000. 00) Individuals Businesses Other organizations Magistrate Court ( Claim not exceeding BWP 60 000. 00) Individuals Businesses Other organizations How do I get this service? Commenced by a writ of summons, petition or notice of motion (collectively referred to as "originating process") signed by the Registrar / Clerk of court and date-stamped with the stamp of the Court. A writ of Summons shall be in Writ of Summons (Form 2 for High Court or Form 7 for Magistrate) in the first schedule with such variations as circumstances require High Court rules/ Magistrate Court Act. The Notice of Motion shall be in Notice of Motion (Form 4 for High Court or Form 3 for Magistrate) in the first schedule with such variations as circumstances require, and shall state the rule under which the application is brought. The Plaintiff, or the Plaintiff's attorney or agent shall bring the original, originating process documents and three(3) copies (or if there is more than one defendant, an extra copy for each additional defendant) to the Civil Registry at the High Court/ Magistrate court for date stamp, signing and filing. Serve the defendant(s) with copies of the originating process documents that have been signed and date stamped by the Registrar/ Clerk of Court and file proof of service at the Civil Registry. Service upon a person of a petition, notice, summons, order, pleading or other document of which service is required, may be made by any adult person who has no interest in the cause and is able to explain its nature and contents. Except in the case of arrest; writs of summons, petitions, notices, summonses, orders, pleadings and other documents shall not be served on a Sunday or between 19:00. and 07:00 of any other day, and no such service shall be valid if made. What supporting documents are required? Preparation of a Writ of Summons (Form 2 or Form 7) and annexations of documents supporting your claim. Preparation of a Petition or Notice of Motion (Form 4 or Form 3). Parties to a case are required to submit: A writ of Summons shall be in Form 2 (High Court) or Form 7 (Magistrate) in the first schedule with such variations as circumstances require. The Notice of Motion shall be in Form 4 or Form 3 in the first schedule with such variations as circumstances require, and shall state the rule under which the application is brought. The applicant shall; Set forth the order sought; File an Affidavit of Service in support of the application(upon any motion, petition or other application, evidence shall be given by affidavit); File a draft of the order which he seeks Attach any substantiating documents if any As per Order 6(12) of the High Court rules, the time within which a defendant shall be required to enter appearance to defend shall be reckoned as follows: An individual defendant where the defendant's dwelling house or other place of residence or place of business or employment is within the jurisdiction of any other originating process at the High Court Registry (either Gaborone, Lobatse or Francistown). company or corporation, its registered office or principal place of business within the jurisdiction is within a radius of 100 kilometers from the High Court Registry (either Gaborone, Lobatse or Francistown), The time limited for the defendant to enter an appearance shall be 14 Court days (Monday to Friday, except public holidays) after the service of the writ of summons or other processes (including the day of service) to the defendant. In an action against the government the an appearance to defend may be entered at any time within 21 days after service of the summons, unless otherwise specified. Generally, proceedings against a defendant are not deemed to have begun until they have been served with a writ of summons. How long will this service take? Processing the documents constituting the originating process takes approximately two (2) court days. For individuals not represented by attorneys, they are processed while waiting and it can take less than one(1) court day. How much does it cost? High Court fees Writ of Summons, originating motion, petition or provisional sentence is BWP120 (Self Actor) and estimated amount of BWP220 for Civil Application Writ of summons BWP150 (Represented party) and P20 for Resolution if its company and estimated amount of BWP270 for Civil Application NB: The cost of civil case is dependent upon the rate of exchange of pleadings. Magistrate Court Fees Writ of Summons, originating motion, petition or application and other originating document whereby an action is instituted is P60 Payment is accepted by: Postage stamps issued by any Botswana Post office equating the value of the document in question as per the Second Schedule of the rules of the court or, In cash paid to the Revenue office. Where can I get more information on this Service The Registrar and Master High Court - Gaborone Private Bag 00220 Gaborone Botswana Tel: (+267) 3718000 / (+267) 3971706 Fax: (+267) 3915119 The Deputy Registrar's High Court - Francistown Private Bag F13 Francistown Tel: (+267) 2412125 / (+267) 2416378 Fax. (+267) 2416378 The Deputy Registrar High Court - Lobatse Private Bag 001 Lobatse Botswana Tel: (+267) 5338000 / (+267) 5332317 Fax: (+267) 5332317 Further information on the Originating process can be found in Order six, High Court rules. Toll free No: 0800601027 Tel: +267 371 8000 Fax: (+267) 391 5119 Website: www.justice.gov.bw Opening hours: 07:30 to 12:45 and 13:45 to 16:30 Monday to Friday, except public holidays. Related Forms Writ of Summons (Form 2 for High Court or Form 7 for Magistrate) (105.55 KB) Notice of Motion (Form 4 for High Court or Form 3 for Magistrate) (97.18 KB) Give Us Feedback Your name Your email address Subject Message Link Footer Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Give Us Feedback enquiries [at] gov.bw () Copyright © 2022. All right reserved. Government of Botswana.