Agricultural land utilization  | Government of Botswana Skip to main content GOV.BW Search Main navigation Home Services Agriculture Benefits and Payments Culture, Sports and Tourism Education and Learning Health and Wellness Immigration and Civil Registration Labour and Employment Land, Construction and Housing Law, Crime and Justice Living in Botswana Licensing & Permits Natural Resources and Environment Social Services Trade and Industry Transport and Communications Service Links Administration of Justice Animal Traceability and Identification Independent Electoral commission Laws of Botswana Ministry of Finance and Economic Development Parliament of Botswana Tourism Services Trade and Industry Vehicle License Renewal e-visa e-Services About Government Contact Us Ministries and Agencies Parastatals Publications Local Authorities Land Boards About Botswana About our Country Public Holidays School Terms News & Events Events News Press Releases Contact Us COVID-19 Breadcrumb Home » Agriculture » Advisory Role » Agricultural land utilization Agricultural land utilization Overview Provision of technical services on land assessment for agricultural purpose, land suitability, soil fertility, land rehabilitation and land identification. The service also focuses on implementation of agricultural land use plans in collaboration with other stakeholders. Who is eligible? Farmers Government departments Other stakeholders (e.g NGO) How do I get this service? Visit the nearest District Agricultural Office to access this service What supporting documents are required? Certified copy of National Identity Card (Omang) Cerified copy of Landboard Certificate Request letter from the customer or stakeholder How long will this service take? 14 days How much does it cost? No cost Where can I obtain this service? Visit the nearest District Agricultural Office or Sub District Agricultural Offices Where can I get more information on this Service For more information, please contact the District Agricultural Coordinators The Chief Land Utilization Officer (HQ) Department of Crop Production Ministry of Agricultural Development and Food Security Headquarters Plot 4701 Mmaraka Road 3rd Floor, Office No. 331 Private Bag 00435 Gaborone Botswana Tel. (+267) 3689394 Fax. (+267) 5907057 Call Centre: Tel.17755 Email. moa17755 [at] gov.bw () Opening hours: 07:30 to 12:45 then 13:45 to 16:30, Monday to Friday except public holidays. Related Documents District Animal Production Offices.pdf (186.97 KB) District Crop Production Offices.pdf (278.2 KB) District Veterinary Offices_0.pdf (145.32 KB) Give Us Feedback Your name Your email address Subject Message Link Footer Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Give Us Feedback enquiries [at] gov.bw () Copyright © 2022. All right reserved. Government of Botswana.