Alterations or Additions to Meat Premises Application (Poultry Meat)  | Government of Botswana Skip to main content GOV.BW Search Main navigation Home Services Agriculture Benefits and Payments Culture, Sports and Tourism Education and Learning Health and Wellness Immigration and Civil Registration Labour and Employment Land, Construction and Housing Law, Crime and Justice Living in Botswana Licensing & Permits Natural Resources and Environment Social Services Trade and Industry Transport and Communications Service Links Administration of Justice Animal Traceability and Identification Independent Electoral commission Laws of Botswana Ministry of Finance and Economic Development Parliament of Botswana Tourism Services Trade and Industry Vehicle License Renewal e-visa e-Services About Government Contact Us Ministries and Agencies Parastatals Publications Local Authorities Land Boards About Botswana About our Country Public Holidays School Terms News & Events Events News Press Releases Contact Us COVID-19 Breadcrumb Home » Agriculture » Animal Husbandry » Alterations or Additions to Meat Premises Application (Poultry Meat) Alterations or Additions to Meat Premises Application (Poultry Meat) Overview This service allows citizens and businesses to apply to make alterations to licensed meat premises (Poultry Meat Abattoir) in line with Livestock and Meat Industries Act of 2007 and Regulations for Red and Poultry Meat. Who is eligible? Citizens and companies How do I get this service? Applicant must complete the Application for Alterations or Additions to Poultry Abattoir Premises Form. Submit completed form along with relevant supporting documents to the relevant Veterinary Offices-(District Veterinary Offices). Once a decision is made by the Director, the applicant will be updated. What supporting documents are required? A valid National Identity Card (Omang). A valid company’s registration certificate for companies. Proof of ownership of site and land use. Site/location plan. Meat premises plan. How long will this service take? Sixty (60) working days. How much does it cost? No cost. Where can I get more information on this Service The Deputy Director Ministry of Agricultural Development and Food Security Department of Veterinary Services Meat Hygiene and Quality Control/Veterinary Public Health. Room 107 or Room 123 Private Bag 0032 Gaborone Botswana. Tel. (+267) 368 9400/3689506 Fax. (+267) 3903744 Call Centre:17755 Email: moa17755 [at] gov.bw Opening hours are 07:30 to 12:45 and 13:45 to 16:30, Monday to Friday, except public holidays. Related Forms Application for Alterations or Additions to Poultry premises (88.3 KB) Related Documents Guideline for Registration and Licensing of Meat premises.pdf (515.53 KB) Give Us Feedback Your name Your email address Subject Message Link Footer Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Give Us Feedback enquiries [at] gov.bw () Copyright © 2022. All right reserved. Government of Botswana.