Animal Slaughtering  | Government of Botswana Skip to main content GOV.BW Search Main navigation Home Services Agriculture Benefits and Payments Culture, Sports and Tourism Education and Learning Health and Wellness Immigration and Civil Registration Labour and Employment Land, Construction and Housing Law, Crime and Justice Living in Botswana Licensing & Permits Natural Resources and Environment Social Services Trade and Industry Transport and Communications Service Links Administration of Justice Animal Traceability and Identification Independent Electoral commission Laws of Botswana Ministry of Finance and Economic Development Parliament of Botswana Tourism Services Trade and Industry Vehicle License Renewal e-visa e-Services About Government Contact Us Ministries and Agencies Parastatals Publications Local Authorities Land Boards About Botswana About our Country Public Holidays School Terms News & Events Events News Press Releases Contact Us COVID-19 Breadcrumb Home » Agriculture » Animal Husbandry » Animal Slaughtering Animal Slaughtering Overview The Government provides facilities where people may bring animals for slaughtering. Who is eligible? Citizens and residents. How do I get this service? Visit the Kgotla with animal registration documents and the animal(s) to be slaughtered, one day before the proposed slaughter date to the Kgosi to prove ownership. What supporting documents are required? Animal registration documents. Valid National Identity Card (Omang). Residence Permit (for non-citizens). How long will this service take? One (1) working day. How much does it cost? The fees vary from council to council. Where can I obtain this service? Please contact your preferred Local Authority Offices, the contact information for which is available: Where can I get more information on this Service Opening hours are from 07:30 to 12:45 then 13:45 to 16:30, Monday to Friday, except public holiday. Related Documents Guideline for Registration and Licensing of Meat premises (515.53 KB) Give Us Feedback Your name Your email address Subject Message Link Footer Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Give Us Feedback enquiries [at] gov.bw () Copyright © 2022. All right reserved. Government of Botswana.