Animal/Wildlife Import Permit | Government of Botswana Skip to main content GOV.BW Search Main navigation Home Services Agriculture Benefits and Payments Culture, Sports and Tourism Education and Learning Health and Wellness Immigration and Civil Registration Labour and Employment Land, Construction and Housing Law, Crime and Justice Living in Botswana Licensing & Permits Natural Resources and Environment Social Services Trade and Industry Transport and Communications Service Links Administration of Justice Animal Traceability and Identification Independent Electoral commission Laws of Botswana Ministry of Finance and Economic Development Parliament of Botswana Tourism Services Trade and Industry Vehicle License Renewal e-visa e-Services About Government Contact Us Ministries and Agencies Parastatals Publications Local Authorities Land Boards About Botswana About our Country Public Holidays School Terms News & Events Events News Press Releases Contact Us COVID-19 Breadcrumb Home » Licensing and Permits » Animals and plants » Animal/Wildlife Import Permit Animal/Wildlife Import Permit Overview The transport of animal/wildlife into Botswana requires a permit. The permit is necessary to restrict movement of animals/wildlife into Botswana. Those interested in the permit must contact the Convention on International Trade in Endangered Species of Wild Fauna and Flora (CITES) licensing office at the Department of Wildlife and National Parks for guidance regarding import and export of CITES controlled species. This permit covers land and air modes of transport. Exotic species are not allowed to be imported to Botswana. The service is mostly used by Game Ranchers. Who is eligible? Citizen and Non-Citizen How do I get this service? Complete, and submit the Animal/Wildlife Import application Form together with supporting documentation. A physical examination of the animal at the border or entry point of the country. What supporting documents are required? Export Permit from country of departure Certified Copy of National Identity Card (Omang) Certified Copy of Passport Physical Examination report of Animal before export Contact details from country of departure How long will this service take? Immediate How much does it cost? The prices differ according to the animal products and species as per Wildlife Conservation and National Parks Act of 1992. Where can I get more information on this Service Department of Wildlife and National Parks Plot 50380 Moedi House, Fairgrounds Gaborone Botswana Tel. (+267) 3971405 Fax. (+267) 3180775 Email: dwnp [at] gov.bw Opening Hours: 07:30 to 12:45 and 12:45 to 16:30, Monday to Friday, except on Public Holidays. Related Forms Animal Wildlife /Import Application Form (344.39 KB) Give Us Feedback Your name Your email address Subject Message Link Footer Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Give Us Feedback enquiries [at] gov.bw () Copyright © 2022. All right reserved. Government of Botswana.