Animal Transit Permit | Government of Botswana Skip to main content GOV.BW Search Main navigation Home Services Agriculture Benefits and Payments Culture, Sports and Tourism Education and Learning Health and Wellness Immigration and Civil Registration Labour and Employment Land, Construction and Housing Law, Crime and Justice Living in Botswana Licensing & Permits Natural Resources and Environment Social Services Trade and Industry Transport and Communications Service Links Administration of Justice Animal Traceability and Identification Independent Electoral commission Laws of Botswana Ministry of Finance and Economic Development Parliament of Botswana Tourism Services Trade and Industry Vehicle License Renewal e-visa e-Services About Government Contact Us Ministries and Agencies Parastatals Publications Local Authorities Land Boards About Botswana About our Country Public Holidays School Terms News & Events Events News Press Releases Contact Us COVID-19 Breadcrumb Home » Licensing and Permits » Animals and plants » Animal Transit Permit Animal Transit Permit Overview The Permit is used primarily by businesses that wish to transport animals/wildlife in and out of Botswana. The Permit is necessary as it restricts movement of animals/wildlife from one place to another. This Permit covers land and air transport. There are no restrictions on the number of animals to be transported and the Permit does not include domestic animals. Who is eligible? Botswana citizens and non-citizens wishing to transport animals in and out of Botswana. How do I get this service? Download, complete and submit Animal Transit Application Form to Department of Wildlife and National Parks. What supporting documents are required? Animal/Wildlife Import Permit for those who import Animal/Wildlife Export Permit for those who export Certified Copy of National Identity Card (Omang) Certified Copy of Passport Physical Examination of Animal before import and export How long will this service take? Five (5) working days How much does it cost? Fees differ according to the animal products and species as per Wildlife Act of 1992. Where can I get more information on this Service Department of Wildlife and National Parks Plot 50380 Moedi House, Fairgrounds Gaborone Botswana Tel. (+267) 3971405 Fax. (+267) 3180775 Email: dwnp [at] gov.bw Opening Hours: 07:30 to 12:45 and 12:45 to 16:30, Monday to Friday, except on Public Holidays. Related Forms Animal Transit Application Form (344.39 KB) Give Us Feedback Your name Your email address Subject Message Link Footer Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Give Us Feedback enquiries [at] gov.bw () Copyright © 2022. All right reserved. Government of Botswana.