Animal Husbandry and Fodder Support Application  | Government of Botswana Skip to main content GOV.BW Search Main navigation Home Services Agriculture Benefits and Payments Culture, Sports and Tourism Education and Learning Health and Wellness Immigration and Civil Registration Labour and Employment Land, Construction and Housing Law, Crime and Justice Living in Botswana Licensing & Permits Natural Resources and Environment Social Services Trade and Industry Transport and Communications Service Links Administration of Justice Animal Traceability and Identification Independent Electoral commission Laws of Botswana Ministry of Finance and Economic Development Parliament of Botswana Tourism Services Trade and Industry Vehicle License Renewal e-visa e-Services About Government Contact Us Ministries and Agencies Parastatals Publications Local Authorities Land Boards About Botswana About our Country Public Holidays School Terms News & Events Events News Press Releases Contact Us COVID-19 Breadcrumb Home » Agriculture » Animal Husbandry » Animal Husbandry and Fodder Support Application Animal Husbandry and Fodder Support Application Overview This service assists farmers with the purchase of fodder processors, to build fodder barns, to construct kraals, crushes and loading ramps. This is a package under the Livestock Management and Infrastructure Development-LIMID Programme which is a Government programme aimed at improving livestock management. Who is eligible? Citizens 18 years and above. Own livestock - either cattle or small stock (sheep and goats). How do I get this service? Download and complete the LIMID 1 - Animal Husbandry and Fodder Support Application Form . Submit the completed form with the supporting documentation to the nearest District Animal Production Office. After registration, an animal production officer will contact the applicant with details related to the status of his application. What supporting documents are required? Certified copy of Cattle Brand Certificate. Certified copy of valid National Identity Card (Omang). Quotations for the items required. Those who apply as syndicates should provide certified copy of constitution. A group (2-4 members) should provide a completed partnership agreement. How long will this service take? One (1) working day. Note: The beneficiary is expected to have completed a project within six (6) months after the approval of the project. How much does it cost? No cost Where can I obtain this service? At the nearest District Animal Production Office. Opening hours are from 07:30 to 12:45 then 13:45 to 16:30, Monday to Friday, except public holiday. Where can I get more information on this Service Department of Animal Production Plot 4701, Mmaraka Road Private Bag 0032 Gaborone Botswana Tel. (+267) 3689625 Fax. (+267) 3951120 Call Centre: 17755 Email. moa17755 [at] gov.bw Related Forms LIMID 1 - Animal Husbandry and Fodder Support Application Form (117.67 KB) Related Documents LIMID Phase II Guidelines (437.55 KB) Guidelines For Special Assistance To Kgalagadi District And Areas With Similar Agro-Climatic COnditions (3.38 MB) Give Us Feedback Your name Your email address Subject Message Link Footer Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Give Us Feedback enquiries [at] gov.bw () Copyright © 2022. All right reserved. Government of Botswana.