Appeal Against Rejection of Registration Transfer | Government of Botswana Skip to main content GOV.BW Search Main navigation Home Services Agriculture Benefits and Payments Culture, Sports and Tourism Education and Learning Health and Wellness Immigration and Civil Registration Labour and Employment Land, Construction and Housing Law, Crime and Justice Living in Botswana Licensing & Permits Natural Resources and Environment Social Services Trade and Industry Transport and Communications Service Links Administration of Justice Animal Traceability and Identification Independent Electoral commission Laws of Botswana Ministry of Finance and Economic Development Parliament of Botswana Tourism Services Trade and Industry Vehicle License Renewal e-visa e-Services About Government Contact Us Ministries and Agencies Parastatals Publications Local Authorities Land Boards About Botswana About our Country Public Holidays School Terms News & Events Events News Press Releases Contact Us COVID-19 Breadcrumb Home » Living in Botswana » Voting » Appeal Against Rejection of Registration Transfer Appeal Against Rejection of Registration Transfer Overview An applicant whose application to transfer to another polling station has been rejected by the Registration Officer may appeal to the Principal Registration Officer for the constituency. Who is eligible? Registered voter whose application to transfer registration to another polling station has been rejected. How do I get this service? In order to launch an appeal, follow the steps below: Complete the lower portion of the Notice of Rejection (Form K) which was provided by the Registration Officer when the application was rejected. Within seven (7) days after the rejection of the application, deliver the completed Form K together with a deposit of BWP 10.00 to the Principal Registration Officer for the appropriate constituency. The Principal Registration Officer will arrange for the appeal to be heard by a Magistrate and will notify you of the date and location for the hearing. The decision of the Magistrate is final and cannot be appealed further. If the appeal is successful, you will be registered as a voter in the polling station named in your appeal provided the transfer window is still open. You will receive a Voter’s Registration Card (Form B) for the new polling station. You will receive a refund of the BWP 10.00 deposit. Should the appeal not be successful, the BWP 10.00 deposit will not be refunded. What supporting documents are required? Notice of Rejection - Form K (provided by the Registration Officer when applications are rejected) Voter’s Registration Card (Form B) for original polling station National Identification Card (Omang) How long will this service take? Two (2) weeks. How much does it cost? BWP 10.00, payable in cash only. Where can I get more information on this Service Please contact the office listed below: The Secretary Independent Electoral Commission Private Bag 00284 Gaborone, Botswana Phone: (+267) 361 2400 Toll free No: 0800 600 710 Fax: (+267) 3900581/3905205/3190889 Website: www.iec.gov.bw , Facebook: IEC Botswana Email: iec_info [at] gov.bw () Opening hours: 07:30 to 12:45 and 13:45 to 16:30 Monday to Friday, except public holidays. Additional information can also be obtained in the Electoral Act. Related Services Voter Registration Voter Registration Transfer Give Us Feedback Your name Your email address Subject Message Link Footer Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Give Us Feedback enquiries [at] gov.bw () Copyright © 2022. All right reserved. Government of Botswana.