Appeal Against Rejection of Voter Registration | Government of Botswana Skip to main content GOV.BW Search Main navigation Home Services Agriculture Benefits and Payments Culture, Sports and Tourism Education and Learning Health and Wellness Immigration and Civil Registration Labour and Employment Land, Construction and Housing Law, Crime and Justice Living in Botswana Licensing & Permits Natural Resources and Environment Social Services Trade and Industry Transport and Communications Service Links Administration of Justice Animal Traceability and Identification Independent Electoral commission Laws of Botswana Ministry of Finance and Economic Development Parliament of Botswana Tourism Services Trade and Industry Vehicle License Renewal e-visa e-Services About Government Contact Us Ministries and Agencies Parastatals Publications Local Authorities Land Boards About Botswana About our Country Public Holidays School Terms News & Events Events News Press Releases Contact Us COVID-19 Breadcrumb Home » Living in Botswana » Voting » Appeal Against Rejection of Voter Registration Appeal Against Rejection of Voter Registration Overview An applicant whose application to become a registered voter has been rejected by a registration officer may appeal to the Principal Registration Officer for the particular constituency. Who is eligible? Citizens of Botswana eighteen (18) years or above whose application to become a registered voter has been rejected by a registration officer can apply for this service. How do I get this service? In order to launch an appeal, follow the steps below: Complete Form F - Appeal by Person whose Application to be registered as a voter is rejected by a registration officer. Within seven days after the rejection of the application, deliver the completed Form F together with a deposit of BWP 10.00 to the Principal Registration Officer for the appropriate constituency. The Principal Registration Officer will arrange for the appeal to be heard by a Magistrate and will notify the complainant of the date and location for the hearing. The decision of the Magistrate is final and cannot be appealed further. If the appeal is successful, the voter will be registered as a complainant in the polling station named in your appeal. The complainant will receive a Voter’s Registration Card (Form B) on the next physical visit to a Registration Officer in your constituency. The complainant will receive a refund of the BWP 10.00 deposit. Should the appeal not be successful, the BWP 10.00 deposit will not be refunded. Complainants are notified by the contact information on their application regarding the status of their appeal. What supporting documents are required? Proof of rejection (Form C) Appeal Rejection of Voter Registration – ( Form F) Valid National Identity Card (Omang) How long will this service take? Once the appeal has been delivered to a Magistrate, the complainant will be notified of the result by the Principal Registration Officer within approximately three weeks. How much does it cost? BWP 10.00 Where can I get more information on this Service Please contact the office listed below: The Secretary Independent Electoral Commission Private Bag 00284 Gaborone, Botswana Phone: (+267) 361 2400 Toll free No: 0800 600 710 Fax: (+267) 3900581 / 3905205 / 3190889 Website: www.iec.gov.bw , Facebook: IEC Botswana Email: iec_info [at] gov.bw Opening hours: 07:30 to 12:45 and 13:45 to 16:30 Monday to Friday, except weekends and public holidays. Additional information can also be obtained in the Electoral Act. Related Services Appeal Against Cancellation of Voter Registration Voter Registration Give Us Feedback Your name Your email address Subject Message Link Footer Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Give Us Feedback enquiries [at] gov.bw () Copyright © 2022. All right reserved. Government of Botswana.