Appeal Against Cancellation of Voter Registration | Government of Botswana Skip to main content GOV.BW Search Main navigation Home Services Agriculture Benefits and Payments Culture, Sports and Tourism Education and Learning Health and Wellness Immigration and Civil Registration Labour and Employment Land, Construction and Housing Law, Crime and Justice Living in Botswana Licensing & Permits Natural Resources and Environment Social Services Trade and Industry Transport and Communications Service Links Administration of Justice Animal Traceability and Identification Independent Electoral commission Laws of Botswana Ministry of Finance and Economic Development Parliament of Botswana Tourism Services Trade and Industry Vehicle License Renewal e-visa e-Services About Government Contact Us Ministries and Agencies Parastatals Publications Local Authorities Land Boards About Botswana About our Country Public Holidays School Terms News & Events Events News Press Releases Contact Us COVID-19 Breadcrumb Home » Living in Botswana » Voting » Appeal Against Cancellation of Voter Registration Appeal Against Cancellation of Voter Registration Overview If any principal registration officer has reason to believe that any voter enrolled in any section of an existing roll in his constituency is not, or is no longer, entitled to registration in respect of the polling station to which that registration relates, he shall send to that voter written Notice of Cancellation in Form H. The form will state the grounds on which he proposes to cancel the voter's registration in respect of that polling station. Unless the voter successfully appeals the cancellation, the voter's registration in that polling station will be cancelled and his name struck off the roll. Who is eligible? Citizens 18 years and over who are/were registered to vote and who have received a Notice of Cancellation (Form H). How do I get this service? In order to launch an appeal, follow the steps below: Complete the Appeal against Cancellation by Principal Registration Officer (Form I) Within 14 days of receiving the Notice of Cancellation (Form H), deliver the completed Form I to the Office of the Principal Registration Officer who issued the Notice of Cancellation. The Principal Registration Officer will arrange for the appeal to be heard by a Magistrate and will notify you of the date and location for the hearing. The decision of the Magistrate is final and cannot be appealed further. If the appeal is successful, your name will remain on the voter’s roll and your Voters Registration Card (Form B) will not be cancelled. Should the appeal not be successful, the voter’s name will be deleted from the roll. The voter will also be required to surrender their Voter’s Registration card to the Principal Registration Officer. What supporting documents are required? Appeal against Cancellation by Principal Registration Officer (Form I) Voter’s Registration Card (Form B) National Identification card (Omang) How long will this service take? Once the appeal has been delivered to the Principal Registration Officer, the appeal process is expected to be completed within approximately three(3) months. How much does it cost? There is no cost. Where can I get more information on this Service Please contact the office listed below: The Secretary Independent Electoral Commission Private Bag 00284 Gaborone, Botswana Phone: (+267) 361 2400 Toll free No: 0800 600 710 Fax: (+267) 3900581/3905205/3190889 Website: www.iec.gov.bw , Facebook: IEC Botswana Email: iec_info [at] gov.bw Opening hours: 07:30 to 12:45 and 13:45 to 16:30 Monday to Friday, except public holidays. Additional information can also be obtained in the Electoral Act. Related Services Voter Registration Give Us Feedback Your name Your email address Subject Message Link Footer Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Give Us Feedback enquiries [at] gov.bw () Copyright © 2022. All right reserved. Government of Botswana.