Appealed Cases from the High Court and Industrial Court  | Government of Botswana Skip to main content GOV.BW Search Main navigation Home Services Agriculture Benefits and Payments Culture, Sports and Tourism Education and Learning Health and Wellness Immigration and Civil Registration Labour and Employment Land, Construction and Housing Law, Crime and Justice Living in Botswana Licensing & Permits Natural Resources and Environment Social Services Trade and Industry Transport and Communications Service Links Administration of Justice Animal Traceability and Identification Independent Electoral commission Laws of Botswana Ministry of Finance and Economic Development Parliament of Botswana Tourism Services Trade and Industry Vehicle License Renewal e-visa e-Services About Government Contact Us Ministries and Agencies Parastatals Publications Local Authorities Land Boards About Botswana About our Country Public Holidays School Terms News & Events Events News Press Releases Contact Us COVID-19 Breadcrumb Home » Law, Crime and Justice » legal » Appealed Cases from the High Court and Industrial Court Appealed Cases from the High Court and Industrial Court Overview The Court of Appeal's Jurisdiction is general and territorially defined. It also enjoys all power and authority vested in the High Court by the Constitution and any other law. The Court of Appeal is a Supreme Court of record, with plenary review, appellate and, where appropriate first instance jurisdiction. It hears all appeals from the High Court and Industrial Court. Who is eligible? Litigants from any final decisions in any proceedings in which the High Court/ Industrial Court sat at first instance. How do I get this service? An appeal to the Court of Appeal may take two forms, namely; As of right- By special leave In order to lodge an appeal, a party must serve a notice of appeal and file an application for leave to appeal to the court of appeal with the court below (The high court or The industrial court) within six weeks (Criminal Form 2). When leave is refused by the High Court , you file an application for leave to appeal to the Court of Appeal (Criminal Form 3) The Appellant should file a date stamped Notice of Appeal to the Court of Appeal. A case is then registered and given a case number at the Court of Appeal. If the six weeks has elapsed before lodging an appeal, the appellant should file an application with the Court of Appeal seeking leave to file out of time(Criminal Form 5). Only evidence used during the proceedings at court below can be used at the court of appeal. What supporting documents are required? Appellants from the High Court and the Industrial Court must submit the following form to the Court of Appeal: Schedule 3- Civil Form 1 How long will this service take? Civil Appeal is 14 months Criminal appeal is 10 months How much does it cost? Filing a Notice of Appeal at the High Court bears a cost of BWP160.00. If an appeal is submitted beyond the six week deadline, submission of Form 2 will cost an additional BWP100.00. Where can I get more information on this Service The Deputy Registrar of the Court of Appeal Court of Appeal Private Bag 00220 Gaborone Botswana Tel: (+267) 3718000 Fax: (+267) 3915119 Opening Hours: 07:30 to 12:45 and 13:45 to 16:30, Monday to Friday, except public holidays. Related Forms NOTICE OF APPEAL-Court of Apeal (CIVIL FORM 1) (54.77 KB) NOTICE OF APPEAL- High Court (FORM 44) (98.38 KB) NOTICE OF MOTION FOR LEAVE TO APPEAL (CIVIL FORM 2) (46.99 KB) Related Services Assessment of Damages Assessment of Security Costs Give Us Feedback Your name Your email address Subject Message Link Footer Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Give Us Feedback enquiries [at] gov.bw () Copyright © 2022. All right reserved. Government of Botswana.