Appeals from District Labour Office | Government of Botswana Skip to main content GOV.BW Search Main navigation Home Services Agriculture Benefits and Payments Culture, Sports and Tourism Education and Learning Health and Wellness Immigration and Civil Registration Labour and Employment Land, Construction and Housing Law, Crime and Justice Living in Botswana Licensing & Permits Natural Resources and Environment Social Services Trade and Industry Transport and Communications Service Links Administration of Justice Animal Traceability and Identification Independent Electoral commission Laws of Botswana Ministry of Finance and Economic Development Parliament of Botswana Tourism Services Trade and Industry Vehicle License Renewal e-visa e-Services About Government Contact Us Ministries and Agencies Parastatals Publications Local Authorities Land Boards About Botswana About our Country Public Holidays School Terms News & Events Events News Press Releases Contact Us COVID-19 Breadcrumb Home » Appeals from District Labour Office Appeals from District Labour Office Overview There are 2 types of appeal that can be lodged with the Industrial Court. There can be an appeal against the decision of the Mediators/Arbitrators in terms of section 8 (13) (14) of Trade Disputes Act 2016. Another appeal can be against the mediators refusal for condonation of the late referral of a dispute in terms of section 7(15) of the Trade Disputes Act 2016. Who is eligible? For an appeal under (1) above, any aggrieved party in terms of section cited above, the said appeal can be moved only under the following reasons; To join a party to the arbitration proceedings. Concerning the jurisdiction of the Arbitrator to make an award. For an appeal under (2) above, the aggrieved party can appeal to demonstrate to the court where the mediator misdirected him/herself in refusing the late referral of claims. How do I get this service? In order to file an appeal under (1) or (2) above, follow the steps below: Get a certificate in terms of section 7(15) of the Trade Disputes Act 2016. Complete and file notice of Appeal at the Court Registry in terms of Rule 31 of the Rules of Court. Attach the necessary referral certificate, transcript of the proceedings at District Labour office. File the transcript of the record of proceedings from District Labour Office. Serve the application on the Respondent(s). File proof of service and wait for any response from the respondent(s). Application is enrolled for a hearing on a date to be decided upon by the court. The court will then hear the appeal on the date set and make its determination. What supporting documents are required? Form 12 – Notice of Appeal. Certificate of referral in terms of section 7(15) of Trade Disputes Act. Record of proceedings from District Labour Office encompassing the decision at mediation/arbitration level. How long will this service take? Once the appeal has been submitted to the Judge for enrollment, the appeal process is expected to be completed within approximately three (3) months. How much does it cost? There is no cost associated with this service. Where can I obtain this service? Industrial Court of Botswana Opening hours: 07:30 to 12:45 and 13:45 to 16:30 Monday to Friday, except public holidays. Where can I get more information on this Service For more information, please contact the office listed below. The Registrar Industrial Court of Botswana Private Bag BR 267 Gaborone, Botswana Phone: (+267) 3900565 Fax: (+267) 3900567 Facebook: Industrial Court of Botswana Opening hours: 07:30 to 12:45 and 13:45 to 16:30 Monday to Friday, except public holidays. Additional information can also be obtained from the Rules of Court. Related Forms Notice of Representation (192.31 KB) Notice of Opposition (209.65 KB) Despondence Answering Affidavit (217.96 KB) Notice of Appeal (219.6 KB) Substituted Service (214.48 KB) Give Us Feedback Your name Your email address Subject Message Link Footer Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Give Us Feedback enquiries [at] gov.bw () Copyright © 2022. All right reserved. Government of Botswana.