Application for Permit to Import and Possess Explosives | Government of Botswana Skip to main content GOV.BW Search Main navigation Home Services Agriculture Benefits and Payments Culture, Sports and Tourism Education and Learning Health and Wellness Immigration and Civil Registration Labour and Employment Land, Construction and Housing Law, Crime and Justice Living in Botswana Licensing & Permits Natural Resources and Environment Social Services Trade and Industry Transport and Communications Service Links Administration of Justice Animal Traceability and Identification Independent Electoral commission Laws of Botswana Ministry of Finance and Economic Development Parliament of Botswana Tourism Services Trade and Industry Vehicle License Renewal e-visa e-Services About Government Contact Us Ministries and Agencies Parastatals Publications Local Authorities Land Boards About Botswana About our Country Public Holidays School Terms News & Events Events News Press Releases Contact Us COVID-19 Breadcrumb Home » Licensing and Permits » Mining » Application for Permit to Import and Possess Explosives Application for Permit to Import and Possess Explosives Overview To ensure lawful importation of explosives and their possession in Botswana. Who is eligible? Citizens and Non-citizens. How do I get this service? In order to access this service, applicants must follow the following steps. An applicant is required to submit copies of company certificate of incorporation and trading licences including directors declaration forms. Fill and submit Application for Permit to Import Explosives, Form A. What supporting documents are required? Completed Application for Permit to Import Explosives, Form A Company certificate of incorporation Trading licence Company Share Certificate How long will this service take? 5 days. How much does it cost? None. Where can I obtain this service? Chief Inspector of Explosives Department of Mines Housed at Ministry of Education building floor 4 P/Bag 0049 Gaborone Botswana Government Enclave, Block 6, Khama Crescent Tel. (+267) 365 7000 Fax. (+267) 395 2141 Email: mines [at] gov.bw Opening hours: 7:30 am to 4:30 pm, Monday to Friday, except public holidays Where can I get more information on this Service For more information, please contact: Director Department of Mines Housed at Ministry of Education building floor 4 P/Bag 0049 Gaborone Botswana Government Enclave, Block 6, Khama Crescent Tel. (+267) 365 7000 Fax. (+267) 395 2141 Email: mines [at] gov.bw Give Us Feedback Your name Your email address Subject Message Link Footer Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Give Us Feedback enquiries [at] gov.bw () Copyright © 2022. All right reserved. Government of Botswana.