Application for permission to supply and manufacture feeds, premixes and veterinary equipment | Government of Botswana Skip to main content GOV.BW Search Main navigation Home Services Agriculture Benefits and Payments Culture, Sports and Tourism Education and Learning Health and Wellness Immigration and Civil Registration Labour and Employment Land, Construction and Housing Law, Crime and Justice Living in Botswana Licensing & Permits Natural Resources and Environment Social Services Trade and Industry Transport and Communications Service Links Administration of Justice Animal Traceability and Identification Independent Electoral commission Laws of Botswana Ministry of Finance and Economic Development Parliament of Botswana Tourism Services Trade and Industry Vehicle License Renewal e-visa e-Services About Government Contact Us Ministries and Agencies Parastatals Publications Local Authorities Land Boards About Botswana About our Country Public Holidays School Terms News & Events Events News Press Releases Contact Us COVID-19 Breadcrumb Home » Application for permission to supply and manufacture feeds, premixes and veterinary equipment Application for permission to supply and manufacture feeds, premixes and veterinary equipment Overview This service allows citizens and businesses to apply for the licensing of to sell Veterinary equipment; livestock feeds including manufacturing livestock feeds in line with the Disease of Animal Act CAP37.01 of 1977and Veterinary Surgeons Act of 2008. The permission is valid for between January 1st and December 31st of each year, that is calendar year (E.g. if one applies in June the permission will expire in December the same year). Who is eligible? Citizens Registered businesses (local and external) Non-citizens How do I get this service? Fill and submit the Application form for permission to sell veterinary equipment and livestock feeds including manufacturing of livestock feeds and relevant supporting documents to the Extension Officer or District or Sub District Veterinary Office. The Extension Officer or District or Sub District Veterinary Office will assess the site for to check compliance. The District Veterinary office will in put inspection findings into BAITS system and Headquarters will verify and issue or reject permission/certificate. Headquarters will then issue a certificate/permit which is collected at District Veterinary Office or Sub district Office. The above procedure is the same for renewals. What supporting documents are required? A certified copy of valid national identity card (Omang) for citizens and passport for non-citizens A certified copy of valid company's registration certificate. Proof of ownership / lease of premises. Copy of contract of employment in case of qualified person is not the owner. Copy of valid Trading License for renewals. Each branch of a company should have its own request for permission and relevant documents for that branch including qualified person for manufacturing stock feeds and distribution. Certified copies of certificates for qualified person (Certificate in Animal Health and Production; Diploma in Animal Health and Production; BSc Animal Science) How long will this service take? Permits processed within two (2) days after submission of application with premises assessment report. How much does it cost? Application is free Issuance of a license / renewals is P1000.00 Where can I get more information on this Service Deputy Director (Compliance Section). Ministry of Agricultural Development and Food Security Headquarters Department of Veterinary Services Private Bag 0032 Gaborone Botswana Tel ((+267) 397 4235 Tel. (+267) 368 9520 Fax. (+267) 3903744 Opening hours: 07:30 to 12:45 then 13:45 to 16:30, Monday to Friday, except public holidays. Call Centre: Tel. 17755 Email. moa17755 [at] gov.bw Opening hours: 07:30 to 12:45 then 13:45 to 16:30, Monday to Friday except, public holidays. Related Documents Drugs and related substance Act (129.93 KB) Disease of animals act CAP37.01 (171.23 KB) District veterinary offices (145.32 KB) Give Us Feedback Your name Your email address Subject Message Link Footer Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Give Us Feedback enquiries [at] gov.bw () Copyright © 2022. All right reserved. Government of Botswana.