Application for Change of Ownership | Government of Botswana Skip to main content GOV.BW Search Main navigation Home Services Agriculture Benefits and Payments Culture, Sports and Tourism Education and Learning Health and Wellness Immigration and Civil Registration Labour and Employment Land, Construction and Housing Law, Crime and Justice Living in Botswana Licensing & Permits Natural Resources and Environment Social Services Trade and Industry Transport and Communications Service Links Administration of Justice Animal Traceability and Identification Independent Electoral commission Laws of Botswana Ministry of Finance and Economic Development Parliament of Botswana Tourism Services Trade and Industry Vehicle License Renewal e-visa e-Services About Government Contact Us Ministries and Agencies Parastatals Publications Local Authorities Land Boards About Botswana About our Country Public Holidays School Terms News & Events Events News Press Releases Contact Us COVID-19 Breadcrumb Home » Law, Crime and Justice » Public Safety » Application for Change of Ownership Application for Change of Ownership Overview The process involves the transferring of ownership of a firearm from one person to another Who is eligible? Any person aged 18 years and above The applicant should have no criminal record How do I get this service? The firearm license owner should write a letter to the Commissioner of Police requesting for permission to transfer ownership In a case of inheritance, all interested parties or individuals must consent in writing to the Commissioner of Police The recipient should also write an acceptance letter Subject to approval, complete Form 1 and Form 11. (Application forms available online and at all police stations) What supporting documents are required? Valid identification documents In case of inheritance attach copies of relevant documents such as; Arm Licence Marriage certificate (If the recipients is a spouse of the deceased owner) Firearm certificate For first-time firearm ownership, the applicant should provide a police clearance report How long will this service take? 14 working days How much does it cost? BWP 20.00 Where can I obtain this service? Any police station. Where can I get more information on this Service Central Arms Registry Botswana Police Headquarters Lot 4, Government Enclave Private Bag 0012 Gaborone Botswana Tell. (+267) 3622000 Fax. (+267) 3973723 Email: police [at] gov.bw Related Forms Application For Permit to Acquire Firearms(Change of Ownership) (316.24 KB) Application for Registration Certificate (306.11 KB) Give Us Feedback Your name Your email address Subject Message Link Footer Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Give Us Feedback enquiries [at] gov.bw () Copyright © 2022. All right reserved. Government of Botswana.