Application for Temporary Permit to Possess Firearm and Ammunition | Government of Botswana Skip to main content GOV.BW Search Main navigation Home Services Agriculture Benefits and Payments Culture, Sports and Tourism Education and Learning Health and Wellness Immigration and Civil Registration Labour and Employment Land, Construction and Housing Law, Crime and Justice Living in Botswana Licensing & Permits Natural Resources and Environment Social Services Trade and Industry Transport and Communications Service Links Administration of Justice Animal Traceability and Identification Independent Electoral commission Laws of Botswana Ministry of Finance and Economic Development Parliament of Botswana Tourism Services Trade and Industry Vehicle License Renewal e-visa e-Services About Government Contact Us Ministries and Agencies Parastatals Publications Local Authorities Land Boards About Botswana About our Country Public Holidays School Terms News & Events Events News Press Releases Contact Us COVID-19 Breadcrumb Home » Law, Crime and Justice » Public Safety » Application for Temporary Permit to Possess Firearm and Ammunition Application for Temporary Permit to Possess Firearm and Ammunition Overview This service allows individuals to apply for a permit to possess and use a firearm. Who is eligible? Any person aged 18 years and above How do I get this service? Complete Form 5 (Application form available online and at all police stations) Both the applicant and firearm owner should be present at the police station The firearm should be presented before the licensing officer What supporting documents are required? Valid Identification documents for both owner and the recipient Firearm Certificate How long will this service take? One (1) working day How much does it cost? BWP 10.00 Where can I obtain this service? Any police station or post Where can I get more information on this Service Botswana Police Service Lot 4, Government Enclave Private Bag 0012 Gaborone Botswana Tell. (+267) 3951161 Fax. (+267) 3973723 Email: police [at] gov.bw www.police.gov.bw Related Forms Application for Temporary Permit to Possess Firearms or Ammunition Form (224.41 KB) Give Us Feedback Your name Your email address Subject Message Link Footer Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Give Us Feedback enquiries [at] gov.bw () Copyright © 2022. All right reserved. Government of Botswana.