Application for permit  to export Firearms | Government of Botswana Skip to main content GOV.BW Search Main navigation Home Services Agriculture Benefits and Payments Culture, Sports and Tourism Education and Learning Health and Wellness Immigration and Civil Registration Labour and Employment Land, Construction and Housing Law, Crime and Justice Living in Botswana Licensing & Permits Natural Resources and Environment Social Services Trade and Industry Transport and Communications Service Links Administration of Justice Animal Traceability and Identification Independent Electoral commission Laws of Botswana Ministry of Finance and Economic Development Parliament of Botswana Tourism Services Trade and Industry Vehicle License Renewal e-visa e-Services About Government Contact Us Ministries and Agencies Parastatals Publications Local Authorities Land Boards About Botswana About our Country Public Holidays School Terms News & Events Events News Press Releases Contact Us COVID-19 Breadcrumb Home » Law, Crime and Justice » Public Safety » Application for permit to export Firearms Application for permit to export Firearms Overview This service allows for firearms registered in Botswana to be exported temporarily or permanently to other countries. Note that the temporary export of the firearm is valid for 6 months. Who is eligible? Any registered firearm owner How do I get this service? Complete Form 9 (Application form available online and at all police stations) What supporting documents are required? Valid identification documents Non-citizens must present a valid passport and residence permit Tender the original certificate of firearm before Licensing Officer How long will this service take? One (1) working day How much does it cost? Free Where can I obtain this service? Any police station Where can I get more information on this Service Any police station Related Forms Application for Firearms Export Permit (211.52 KB) Give Us Feedback Your name Your email address Subject Message Link Footer Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Give Us Feedback enquiries [at] gov.bw () Copyright © 2022. All right reserved. Government of Botswana.