Application for Training Services  | Government of Botswana Skip to main content GOV.BW Search Main navigation Home Services Agriculture Benefits and Payments Culture, Sports and Tourism Education and Learning Health and Wellness Immigration and Civil Registration Labour and Employment Land, Construction and Housing Law, Crime and Justice Living in Botswana Licensing & Permits Natural Resources and Environment Social Services Trade and Industry Transport and Communications Service Links Administration of Justice Animal Traceability and Identification Independent Electoral commission Laws of Botswana Ministry of Finance and Economic Development Parliament of Botswana Tourism Services Trade and Industry Vehicle License Renewal e-visa e-Services About Government Contact Us Ministries and Agencies Parastatals Publications Local Authorities Land Boards About Botswana About our Country Public Holidays School Terms News & Events Events News Press Releases Contact Us COVID-19 Breadcrumb Home » Application for Training Services Application for Training Services Overview The centres offer training services in all aspects of Crop Production, Animal Production, Marketing of Agricultural Produce, Agro-processing and Conservation of Natural Resources. Farmers can register with the nearest Crop Production and Animal Production Extension Officer for the course of their choice and make agreements for commencement of training. There are five Rural Training Centres in Botswana that offer training - Denman, Francistown, Southern, Ngamiland and Mahalapye Rural Training Centres. Who is eligible? Citizen farmers. How do I get this service? Contact the Agricultural Extension Officer at an Extension Area or District level for registration and training details. What supporting documents are required? Certified copy of valid National Identity Card (Omang). How long will this service take? Few minutes during registration. The duration of courses offered at these centres ranges from one (1) to six (6) weeks. How much does it cost? No cost. Where can I get more information on this Service Crop Production Extension Office, District & Sub District Offices, District Animal Production Offices. Or Head of Farmer Training Department of Crop Production Ministry of Agricultural Development and Food Security Head Quarters Plot 4701 Mmaraka Road 2nd Floor, Office No. 221 Private Bag 00435 Gaborone Botswana Tel. (+267) 3689319 Fax. (+267) 3907057 Or Call Centre: Tel. 17755 Email. moa17755 [at] gov.bw Opening hours: 07:30 to 12:45 then 13:45 to 16:30, Monday to Friday except, public holidays. Related Documents District Crop Production Offices (278.2 KB) Give Us Feedback Your name Your email address Subject Message Link Footer Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Give Us Feedback enquiries [at] gov.bw () Copyright © 2022. All right reserved. Government of Botswana.