Application for Farm Equipment through ISPAAD Horticulture  | Government of Botswana Skip to main content GOV.BW Search Main navigation Home Services Agriculture Benefits and Payments Culture, Sports and Tourism Education and Learning Health and Wellness Immigration and Civil Registration Labour and Employment Land, Construction and Housing Law, Crime and Justice Living in Botswana Licensing & Permits Natural Resources and Environment Social Services Trade and Industry Transport and Communications Service Links Administration of Justice Animal Traceability and Identification Independent Electoral commission Laws of Botswana Ministry of Finance and Economic Development Parliament of Botswana Tourism Services Trade and Industry Vehicle License Renewal e-visa e-Services About Government Contact Us Ministries and Agencies Parastatals Publications Local Authorities Land Boards About Botswana About our Country Public Holidays School Terms News & Events Events News Press Releases Contact Us COVID-19 Breadcrumb Home » Agriculture » Crop Production » Application for Farm Equipment through ISPAAD Horticulture Application for Farm Equipment through ISPAAD Horticulture Overview The component assist Individual and cluster farmers to purchase irrigation system (drip, sprinkler, and centre pivot) which includes water conveyance lines, booster pumps but excludes engines. Shade net material including polythene tunnels can also be provided through this service. This assistance will be provided once every 10 years for the irrigation system. The maximum ceiling is P200 000.00. The minimum farm size for individuals and a group is one (1) hectares and two (2) hectares respectively. Individual farmers are expected to contribute 60% of the total cost farm equipment while a group is expected to pay 40%. The programme does not allow or accept contribution in kind. Who is eligible? Citizens and non-citizens aged 18 years and above Applicants should have access to land (proof of ownership or leasehold). In case of leasehold, the lease period should not be less than 10 years. Associations, companies, partnerships or groups registered either under Agricultural Management Associations (AMA), Cooperatives, Registrar of Societies or Registrar of Companies Farmers who have been assisted once will not qualify for assistance within that year even if they have not exhausted the allocated funds in that particular component How do I get this service? Submit the relevant supporting documents to the Agricultural Demonstrator (AD) or Extension Officer (EO) The AD will verify if all the necessary information is provided and if the applicant meets the eligibility criteria The Agricultural Demonstrator/Extension Officer will submit the application with the supporting documents to the District Crop Production Officer (DCPO) The application shall be appraised and the appraising team shall inform the applicant in writing about the fate of his/her application The applicant in turn will submit the approval letter to the supplier of farm equipment or the service provider. If approved the farmer or a group must pay the supplier 60% and 40% of the total cost of the farm equipment and the Government pays the other 40 % and 60% respectively. . If the applicant is aggrieved about the decision of the appraising team on his or her application , he or she shall make an appeal to the office of the Director of Crop Production within 30 days of receiving the response letter from the DCPO What supporting documents are required? Certified copy of valid National Identity Card (Omang). Land Board Certificate, lease or title deed. In case of lease, the lease period should not be less than 10 years. Business plan Prove of established and reliable water source (e.g the borehole must yield at least 2.5m³/hour to be able to irrigate half a hectare) For associations, companies, partnerships or groups registered prove of registration either under Agricultural Management Associations (AMA), Cooperatives, Registrar of Societies or Registrar of Companies. How long will this service take? Three (3) months. How much does it cost? Individual farmers pays 60% of the cost of farm equipment. Groups pay 40% of the cost of farm equipment. Where can I get more information on this Service The nearest Crop Production Office ISPAAD Coordinator Department of Crop Production Ministry of Agricultural Development and Food Security Headquarters Plot 4701, Mmaraka Road Private Bag 00435 Gaborone Botswana Tel. (+267) 3689305 Call Centre: Tel. 17755 Email. moa17755 [at] gov.bw Opening hours: 07:30 to 12:45 then 13:45 to 16:30, Monday to Friday except, public holidays. Related Forms ISPAAD Horticulture Business Plan Form_3.pdf (414.51 KB) Related Documents Guidelines For Special Assistance To Kgalagadi District And Areas With Similar Agro-Climatic Conditions_1.pdf (3.38 MB) Agricultural_Management_Associations_Act ChP 3508_1.pdf (13 KB) ISPAAD Guidelines Revised May 2013_1.pdf (2.93 MB) Related Services Application for production inputs support through ISPAAD Horticulture Give Us Feedback Your name Your email address Subject Message Link Footer Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Give Us Feedback enquiries [at] gov.bw () Copyright © 2022. All right reserved. Government of Botswana.