Application for Well Development (Hand Dug) and Rehabilitation  | Government of Botswana Skip to main content GOV.BW Search Main navigation Home Services Agriculture Benefits and Payments Culture, Sports and Tourism Education and Learning Health and Wellness Immigration and Civil Registration Labour and Employment Land, Construction and Housing Law, Crime and Justice Living in Botswana Licensing & Permits Natural Resources and Environment Social Services Trade and Industry Transport and Communications Service Links Administration of Justice Animal Traceability and Identification Independent Electoral commission Laws of Botswana Ministry of Finance and Economic Development Parliament of Botswana Tourism Services Trade and Industry Vehicle License Renewal e-visa e-Services About Government Contact Us Ministries and Agencies Parastatals Publications Local Authorities Land Boards About Botswana About our Country Public Holidays School Terms News & Events Events News Press Releases Contact Us COVID-19 Breadcrumb Home » Benefits and Payments » Subsidies » Application for Well Development (Hand Dug) and Rehabilitation Application for Well Development (Hand Dug) and Rehabilitation Overview Groups of farmers (syndicates) and individuals can apply for rehabilitation of hand dug wells or sand river wells to be used for livestock watering and irrigation purposes. Who is eligible? Groups of farmers (syndicates) and individuals can apply for rehabilitation of hand dug wells or sand river wells to be used for livestock watering and irrigation purposes. How do I get this service? Download and complete Application for Well Development along with the relevant supporting documents to the nearest District Crop Production Office. What supporting documents are required? Certified copy of valid National Identity Card (Omang). Certified copy of Landboard Certificate or a letter from Tribal Authority. Document stating the yield of the well (if available). Well (Hand Dug) constitution for syndicates. Must have a proof of Water Rights Certificate. How long will this service take? One (1) month. How much does it cost? The applicant is expected to provide 15% of the total cost, where applicable, in kind, in the form of labour for well rehabilitation. Where can I obtain this service? Department of Crop Production Ministry of Agricultural Development and Food Security Headquarters Plot 4701 Mmaraka road 3rd Floor, Office No. 301 Opening hours: 07:30 to 12:45 and 13:45 to 16:30, Monday to Friday, except public holidays. Where can I get more information on this Service The Chief Agricultural Engineer Department of Crop Production Ministry of Agricultural Development and Food Security Headquarters Plot 4701 Mmaraka road 3rd Floor, Office No. 301 Private Bag 00435 Gaborone Botswana Tel. (+267) 3689365/9367/9399 E-mail. dcp [at] gov.bw Call Centre:17755 Email. moa17755 [at] gov.bw Related Forms Application for Well Development(Hand Dug) (317.78 KB) Related Documents District Crop Production Offices (278.2 KB) Give Us Feedback Your name Your email address Subject Message Link Footer Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Give Us Feedback enquiries [at] gov.bw () Copyright © 2022. All right reserved. Government of Botswana.