Application for Motor Vehicle Scheme | Government of Botswana Skip to main content GOV.BW Search Main navigation Home Services Agriculture Benefits and Payments Culture, Sports and Tourism Education and Learning Health and Wellness Immigration and Civil Registration Labour and Employment Land, Construction and Housing Law, Crime and Justice Living in Botswana Licensing & Permits Natural Resources and Environment Social Services Trade and Industry Transport and Communications Service Links Administration of Justice Animal Traceability and Identification Independent Electoral commission Laws of Botswana Ministry of Finance and Economic Development Parliament of Botswana Tourism Services Trade and Industry Vehicle License Renewal e-visa e-Services About Government Contact Us Ministries and Agencies Parastatals Publications Local Authorities Land Boards About Botswana About our Country Public Holidays School Terms News & Events Events News Press Releases Contact Us COVID-19 Breadcrumb Home » Benefits and Payments » Schemes » Application for Motor Vehicle Scheme Application for Motor Vehicle Scheme Overview The service issues Motor Vehicle Advances (MVA) to permanent & pensionable and contract citizen and non citizen public officers, Members of the National Assembly and Ntlo ya Dikgosi. Who is eligible? Enquire with the service consultants at the Government Employees Motor Vehicle and Residential Property Advance Guaranteed Scheme (GEMVAS) to determine eligibility Citizens and non-citizens How do I get this service? Download and complete MOTOR VEHICLE BANK APPLICATION FORM and submit with supporting documents. What supporting documents are required? Valid driving license Current salary advice slip Confirmation letter of employment Pro-Forma Invoice/Offer letter How long will this service take? Two (2) working days How much does it cost? No cost Where can I get more information on this Service Poso House 1st floor Plot 53952 Khama Crescent Gaborone Tel: 3633637/607/627/605 Other GEMVAS Branches are located at Office of the Accountant General in these areas: Palapye: 4922944 Maun: 6860232 Francistown: 2412243 Opening Hours: 7.30 to 12.45 and 13.45 to 16.30 Monday to Thursday Fridays 09.00am to 12.45 and 13.45 to 4.30pm, except holidays Related Forms APPLICATION FOR MOTOR VEHICLE ADVANCE FORM (595.18 KB) Give Us Feedback Your name Your email address Subject Message Link Footer Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Give Us Feedback enquiries [at] gov.bw () Copyright © 2022. All right reserved. Government of Botswana.