Application for production inputs support through ISPAAD Horticulture  | Government of Botswana Skip to main content GOV.BW Search Main navigation Home Services Agriculture Benefits and Payments Culture, Sports and Tourism Education and Learning Health and Wellness Immigration and Civil Registration Labour and Employment Land, Construction and Housing Law, Crime and Justice Living in Botswana Licensing & Permits Natural Resources and Environment Social Services Trade and Industry Transport and Communications Service Links Administration of Justice Animal Traceability and Identification Independent Electoral commission Laws of Botswana Ministry of Finance and Economic Development Parliament of Botswana Tourism Services Trade and Industry Vehicle License Renewal e-visa e-Services About Government Contact Us Ministries and Agencies Parastatals Publications Local Authorities Land Boards About Botswana About our Country Public Holidays School Terms News & Events Events News Press Releases Contact Us COVID-19 Breadcrumb Home » Benefits and Payments » Subsidies » Application for production inputs support through ISPAAD Horticulture Application for production inputs support through ISPAAD Horticulture Overview Individual farmers and groups can be assisted with purchasing of pesticides, fertilizers, packaging material, seedlings and seeds. All farmers cultivating a minimum of 0.5 hectares are eligible for farm inputs. In case of seedling (vegetables and fruits), mushroom and ornamental project, the size of the farm must be at least 0.25 hectares. This assistance will be available once a year, that is once every 12 months for a period of 3 years. The maximum ceiling is P120 000.00. The minimum farm size for individuals and a group is 0.5 hectares and 2 hectares respectively. Individual farmers are expected to contribute 60% of the total cost of inputs while a group is expected to pay 40%. Purchasing of inputs and farm implement will be guided by the business plan. Who is eligible? Citizens and non-citizens aged 18 years and above Applicants who have access to land (proof of ownership or leasehold). In case of leasehold, the lease period should not be less than 10 years. Associations, companies, partnerships or groups registered either under Agricultural Management Associations (AMA), Cooperatives, Registrar of Societies or Registrar of Companies Farmers who have been assisted once will not qualify for assistance within that year even if they have not exhausted the allocated funds in that particular component How do I get this service? Submit the relevant supporting documents to the Agricultural Demonstrator (AD) or Extension Officer (EO) The AD will verify if all the necessary information is provided and if the applicant meets the eligibility criteria The Agricultural Demonstrator/Extension Officer will submit the application with the supporting documents to the District Crop Production Officer (DCPO) The application shall be appraised and the appraising team shall inform the applicant in writing about the fate of his/her application The applicant in turn will submit the approval letter to the supplier of production inputs or the service provider. If approved the farmer or a group must pay the supplier 60% and 40% of the total cost of the production inputs and the Government pays the other 40 % and 60% respectively. If the applicant is aggrieved about the decision of the appraising team on his or her application , he or she shall make an appeal to the office of the Director of Crop Production within 30 days of receiving the response letter from the DCPO What supporting documents are required? Certified copy of valid National Identity Card (Omang). Land Board Certificate, lease or title deed. In case of lease, the lease period should not be less than 10 years. Business plan Prove of established and reliable water source (e.g the borehole must yield at least 2.5m³/hour to be able to irrigate half a hectare) For associations, companies, partnerships or groups registered prove of registration either under Agricultural Management Associations (AMA), Cooperatives, Registrar of Societies or Registrar of Companies. How long will this service take? Three (3) months. How much does it cost? Individual farmers pays 60% of the cost of production inputs Groups pay 40% of the cost of production inputs. Contributions in kind are not accepted and all contributions must be in cash Where can I get more information on this Service The nearest District Crop Production Offices ISPAAD Coordinator Department of Crop Production Ministry of Agricultural Development and Food Security Headquarters Plot 4701 Mmaraka Road Private Bag 00435 Gaborone Botswana Tel. (+267) 3689305 Call Centre: Tel. 17755 Email. moa17755 [at] gov.bw Opening hours: 07:30 to 12:45 then 13:45 to 16:30, Monday to Friday except, public holidays. Related Documents ISPAAD Guidelines Revised May 2013_0.pdf (2.93 MB) Department of Crop Production Contact List.pdf (36.22 KB) Agricultural_Management_Associations_Act ChP 3508_0.pdf (13 KB) Guidelines For Special Assistance To Kgalagadi District And Areas With Similar Agro-Climatic Conditions_0.pdf (3.38 MB) Related Services Application for Farm Equipment through ISPAAD Horticulture Give Us Feedback Your name Your email address Subject Message Link Footer Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Give Us Feedback enquiries [at] gov.bw () Copyright © 2022. All right reserved. Government of Botswana.