Application for civil registration documents abroad (Omang, National Passport, birth and death certificate, police clearance certificates, validation of driver’s licence) | Government of Botswana Skip to main content GOV.BW Search Main navigation Home Services Agriculture Benefits and Payments Culture, Sports and Tourism Education and Learning Health and Wellness Immigration and Civil Registration Labour and Employment Land, Construction and Housing Law, Crime and Justice Living in Botswana Licensing & Permits Natural Resources and Environment Social Services Trade and Industry Transport and Communications Service Links Administration of Justice Animal Traceability and Identification Independent Electoral commission Laws of Botswana Ministry of Finance and Economic Development Parliament of Botswana Tourism Services Trade and Industry Vehicle License Renewal e-visa e-Services About Government Contact Us Ministries and Agencies Parastatals Publications Local Authorities Land Boards About Botswana About our Country Public Holidays School Terms News & Events Events News Press Releases Contact Us COVID-19 Breadcrumb Home » Immigration and Civil Registration » Civil Registration » Application for civil registration documents abroad (Omang, National Passport, birth and death certificate, police clearance certificates, validation of driver’s licence) Application for civil registration documents abroad (Omang, National Passport, birth and death certificate, police clearance certificates, validation of driver’s licence) Overview The Ministry of International Affairs and Cooperation facilitates applications by Batswana residing outside the country in diaspora through provision of access to services provided by other line Ministries. These include facilitating applications for / renewal of Omang; National Passport; birth and death certificates; validation of driver’s licences; and the repatriation of deceased persons to Botswana. The Ministry also assists foreign nationals who are former residents of the Republic of Botswana with issuance of police clearances certificates. Who is eligible? Batswana in diaspora Students Citizens on international travel Foreign nationals who are former residents in Botswana How do I get this service? Contact the nearest diplomatic mission, or the Ministry of International Affairs and Cooperation Fill in the required forms. Provide required documentation. What supporting documents are required? Birth Certificate (letter from chief in absence of Birth Certificate, and hospital notification of birth) Death certificate Copy of expired or lost National Identification card (Omang) Copy of expired or lost National passport Hospital notification of birth Drivers Licence Police clearance certificate How long will this service take? Ten (10) working days How much does it cost? Varies depending on the service Where can I get more information on this Service Department of Immigration and Citizenship and Botswana Police or Department of Protocol and Consular Services Ministry of International Affairs and Cooperation Private Bag 00368 Government Enclave Gaborone Botswana Tel: (+267) 3600700 Fax: (+267) 3973067 Opening hours: 07:30 to 12:45 and 13:45 to 16:30, Monday to Friday except, public holidays Give Us Feedback Your name Your email address Subject Message Link Footer Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Give Us Feedback enquiries [at] gov.bw () Copyright © 2022. All right reserved. Government of Botswana.