Application for Residential Property Advance Scheme | Government of Botswana Skip to main content GOV.BW Search Main navigation Home Services Agriculture Benefits and Payments Culture, Sports and Tourism Education and Learning Health and Wellness Immigration and Civil Registration Labour and Employment Land, Construction and Housing Law, Crime and Justice Living in Botswana Licensing & Permits Natural Resources and Environment Social Services Trade and Industry Transport and Communications Service Links Administration of Justice Animal Traceability and Identification Independent Electoral commission Laws of Botswana Ministry of Finance and Economic Development Parliament of Botswana Tourism Services Trade and Industry Vehicle License Renewal e-visa e-Services About Government Contact Us Ministries and Agencies Parastatals Publications Local Authorities Land Boards About Botswana About our Country Public Holidays School Terms News & Events Events News Press Releases Contact Us COVID-19 Breadcrumb Home » Benefits and Payments » Schemes » Application for Residential Property Advance Scheme Application for Residential Property Advance Scheme Overview The service offers residential property advances (RPA) to permanent & pensionable and contract citizen public officers, members of the National Assembly and Dikgosi. The Government Employees Motor Vehicle and Residential Property Advance Scheme (GEMVAS) mortgage loan covers purchase of free hold plot, development/building a new house, house renovations, and loan transfer. Who is eligible? Citizens and non-citizen How do I get this service? Enquire with the service consultants at GEMVAS to determine eligibility. Download and complete the Residential Property Advance Form and submit with supporting documents. Depending on the type of service required e.g. building a new house, the applicant should meet specified requirements. Once loan is approved, the participating Bank will disburse the funds. What supporting documents are required? For Residential Property Advance the main requirements are: Title deed Valuation report Valid copy of ID Confirmation letter of employment Current salary advice slip Letter of undertaking from attorney Buying property of a deceased person: the seller(s) must submit proof of the identified beneficiary if the title deed is still under the deceased person How long will this service take? Three (3) working days How much does it cost? No cost Where can I obtain this service? At GEMVAS Branches located at Office of the Accountant General in these areas and the contacts are: Palapye: 4922944 Maun: 6860232 Francistown: 2412243 Where can I get more information on this Service At Poso House, 1st floor, Plot 53952, Khama Crescent, Gaborone. Tel: 3633637/607/627/605 Other GEMVAS Branches are located at Office of the Accountant General in these areas & the contacts are: Palapye: 4922944 Maun: 6860232 Francistown: 2412243 Opening Hours: 7.30 to 12.45 and 13.45 to 16.30 Monday to Thursday Fridays 09.00am to 12.45 and 13.45 to 4.30pm, except we holidays Related Forms APPLICATION FOR RESIDENTIAL PROPERTY ADVANCE FORM (701.13 KB) Give Us Feedback Your name Your email address Subject Message Link Footer Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Give Us Feedback enquiries [at] gov.bw () Copyright © 2022. All right reserved. Government of Botswana.