Application for Firearm Exemption Certificate | Government of Botswana Skip to main content GOV.BW Search Main navigation Home Services Agriculture Benefits and Payments Culture, Sports and Tourism Education and Learning Health and Wellness Immigration and Civil Registration Labour and Employment Land, Construction and Housing Law, Crime and Justice Living in Botswana Licensing & Permits Natural Resources and Environment Social Services Trade and Industry Transport and Communications Service Links Administration of Justice Animal Traceability and Identification Independent Electoral commission Laws of Botswana Ministry of Finance and Economic Development Parliament of Botswana Tourism Services Trade and Industry Vehicle License Renewal e-visa e-Services About Government Contact Us Ministries and Agencies Parastatals Publications Local Authorities Land Boards About Botswana About our Country Public Holidays School Terms News & Events Events News Press Releases Contact Us COVID-19 Breadcrumb Home » Law, Crime and Justice » Public Safety » Application for Firearm Exemption Certificate Application for Firearm Exemption Certificate Overview The service allows for legal firearms owners to seek permission to retain their unserviceable firearms. Who is eligible? Any registered firearm owner How do I get this service? Write a letter seeking an exemption certificate from the Commissioner of Police Subject to the application approval, complete Form 19 (Application form available online and at all Police Stations) Submit it to Central Arms Registry at Botswana Police Headquarters What supporting documents are required? Valid National Identification documents Non-citizens must present a valid passport and residence permit How long will this service take? 14 working days How much does it cost? Free Where can I obtain this service? Central Arms Registry at Botswana Police Headquarters Where can I get more information on this Service Central Arms Registry Botswana Police Headquarters Lot 4, Government Enclave Private Bag 0012 Gaborone Botswana Tell. (+267) 3622000 Fax. (+267) 3973723 Email: police [at] gov.bw Related Forms Application for exemption certificate (208.07 KB) Give Us Feedback Your name Your email address Subject Message Link Footer Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Give Us Feedback enquiries [at] gov.bw () Copyright © 2022. All right reserved. Government of Botswana.