Application for Temporary Permit to Possess Firearm and Ammunition (Non-Residents) | Government of Botswana Skip to main content GOV.BW Search Main navigation Home Services Agriculture Benefits and Payments Culture, Sports and Tourism Education and Learning Health and Wellness Immigration and Civil Registration Labour and Employment Land, Construction and Housing Law, Crime and Justice Living in Botswana Licensing & Permits Natural Resources and Environment Social Services Trade and Industry Transport and Communications Service Links Administration of Justice Animal Traceability and Identification Independent Electoral commission Laws of Botswana Ministry of Finance and Economic Development Parliament of Botswana Tourism Services Trade and Industry Vehicle License Renewal e-visa e-Services About Government Contact Us Ministries and Agencies Parastatals Publications Local Authorities Land Boards About Botswana About our Country Public Holidays School Terms News & Events Events News Press Releases Contact Us COVID-19 Breadcrumb Home » Law, Crime and Justice » Public Safety » Application for Temporary Permit to Possess Firearm and Ammunition (Non-Residents) Application for Temporary Permit to Possess Firearm and Ammunition (Non-Residents) Overview The service enables non-residents to import firearms and ammunition into the country. The permit is valid for 30 calendar days. Applicants are expected to start the application process at least two weeks prior to arrival in Botswana. Who is eligible? Any person aged 18 years and above Applicant should have no criminal record How do I get this service? Complete Form 6 (Application form available online and at all police stations). What supporting documents are required? Valid identification documents Arms Registration Certificate Proof of invitation to an event/ activity where the firearm is to be used Applications done through agents must be accompanied by authorisation letter from the registered firearm owner permitting another person to carry out this process on his behalf An Export Permit from country of origin How long will this service take? Fourteen (14) working days How much does it cost? BWP 100.00 Where can I obtain this service? Any police station Where can I get more information on this Service Any police station Related Forms Application for Temporary Permit to Possess Firearms or Ammunition( Non-Resident) Form (214.89 KB) Give Us Feedback Your name Your email address Subject Message Link Footer Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Give Us Feedback enquiries [at] gov.bw () Copyright © 2022. All right reserved. Government of Botswana.