Arrival of New Ambassador / High Commissioner | Government of Botswana Skip to main content GOV.BW Search Main navigation Home Services Agriculture Benefits and Payments Culture, Sports and Tourism Education and Learning Health and Wellness Immigration and Civil Registration Labour and Employment Land, Construction and Housing Law, Crime and Justice Living in Botswana Licensing & Permits Natural Resources and Environment Social Services Trade and Industry Transport and Communications Service Links Administration of Justice Animal Traceability and Identification Independent Electoral commission Laws of Botswana Ministry of Finance and Economic Development Parliament of Botswana Tourism Services Trade and Industry Vehicle License Renewal e-visa e-Services About Government Contact Us Ministries and Agencies Parastatals Publications Local Authorities Land Boards About Botswana About our Country Public Holidays School Terms News & Events Events News Press Releases Contact Us COVID-19 Breadcrumb Home » Living in Botswana » Diplomacy » Arrival of New Ambassador / High Commissioner Arrival of New Ambassador / High Commissioner Overview A new Ambassador/High Commissioner will be met on his arrival in Gaborone by a representative of the Protocol department, provided that travel arrangements including the date and hour of arrival and port of entry have been notified to the Ministry of International Affairs and Cooperation in advance. If the Ambassador/High Commissioner is traveling by road, the Ministry of International Affairs and Cooperation will facilitate his/her entry into the Republic of Botswana by informing the frontier authorities of his/her arrival, provided the date and hour of his/her passage through the border have been notified to the Ministry well in advance. For the Non-resident Ambassador/High Commissioners, the Ministry of International Affairs and Cooperation shall provide transport at the time when the Ambassador/High Commissioner arrives to present credentials and during the farewell call on the Head of State. No transport is provided during routine visits. Where can I get more information on this Service Ministry of International Affairs and Cooperation Private Bag 00368 Gaborone Botswana Government Enclave Tel. (+267) 3600700 Fax. (+267) 3973067 Email. miacprotocol [at] gov.bw Tel. (+267) 3600744 Fax. (+267) 3974516 Opening hours: 07:30 to 12:45 and 13:45 to 16:30 Monday to Friday, except weekends and public holidays. Related Documents Vienna Convention on Consular Relations 1963 Form (469.16 KB) Vienna Convention on Diplomatic Relations 1961 Form (271.43 KB) DIPLOMATIC IMMUNITIES AND PRIVILEGES Form (5.7 KB) Give Us Feedback Your name Your email address Subject Message Link Footer Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Give Us Feedback enquiries [at] gov.bw () Copyright © 2022. All right reserved. Government of Botswana.