Arts and Culture Grant  | Government of Botswana Skip to main content GOV.BW Search Main navigation Home Services Agriculture Benefits and Payments Culture, Sports and Tourism Education and Learning Health and Wellness Immigration and Civil Registration Labour and Employment Land, Construction and Housing Law, Crime and Justice Living in Botswana Licensing & Permits Natural Resources and Environment Social Services Trade and Industry Transport and Communications Service Links Administration of Justice Animal Traceability and Identification Independent Electoral commission Laws of Botswana Ministry of Finance and Economic Development Parliament of Botswana Tourism Services Trade and Industry Vehicle License Renewal e-visa e-Services About Government Contact Us Ministries and Agencies Parastatals Publications Local Authorities Land Boards About Botswana About our Country Public Holidays School Terms News & Events Events News Press Releases Contact Us COVID-19 Breadcrumb Home » Benefits and Payments » Grants » Arts and Culture Grant Arts and Culture Grant Overview The arts and culture grant offers financial assistance towards the development of the Arts and Culture sector. The aim of the grant is to empower artists, cultural practitioners and organisations to contribute towards economic diversification through the establishment of the creative industries. The limit for small grants is P50 000 while for large grants is P250 000. Key areas include; Capacity building workshops, seminars and training. Entertainment covers shows, performances, music, comedy, poetry, theatre, drama and edutainment. Literary works cover activities around content creation, presentation and promotion of literary works, book production, translation/adaptations, discussions based on written works, writers/readers competitions Hosting and curating exhibitions Hosting fashion shows Public arts which includes production of sculptures and murals in public places Who is eligible? Botswana citizens Artists Cultural practitioners Cultural organisations Registered organisations which comply with appropriate registration authority Unregistered Community groups/Committees must have Village Development Committee support How do I get this service? Download, complete and submit the required MYSC Grants Form to the MYSC District Office. Access forms from the MYSC District Offices. What supporting documents are required? Quotations for services/ equipment A certified copy of National Identity Card (Omang) Valid Registration Certificate Proof of compliance in submission of Tax Returns VAT Clearance/ Exemption Certificate as applicable How long will this service take? The application process takes two (2) months. How much does it cost? No cost. Where can I obtain this service? MYSC Headquarters and District offices. Where can I get more information on this Service Ministry of Youth Empowerment, Sport and Culture Development Y2K Building – Central Business District Plot 54372 Private Bag 00514, Gaborone Botswana Tel. (+267) 3682600 Fax. (+267) 3913473 Toll Free No. 0800 600 883 Facebook Page: Myscbw Twitter Page: @myscbw Instagram Page: myscbw Email: mycontactzone [at] gov.bw Opening hours: 07:30 to 12:45 and 13:45 to 16:30 Monday to Friday except Saturdays and Public Holidays. Related Forms MYSC Grant Application Form (998.03 KB) Related Services Own Account Permit Give Us Feedback Your name Your email address Subject Message Link Footer Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Give Us Feedback enquiries [at] gov.bw () Copyright © 2022. All right reserved. Government of Botswana.