Assistance During National Disasters | Government of Botswana Skip to main content GOV.BW Search Main navigation Home Services Agriculture Benefits and Payments Culture, Sports and Tourism Education and Learning Health and Wellness Immigration and Civil Registration Labour and Employment Land, Construction and Housing Law, Crime and Justice Living in Botswana Licensing & Permits Natural Resources and Environment Social Services Trade and Industry Transport and Communications Service Links Administration of Justice Animal Traceability and Identification Independent Electoral commission Laws of Botswana Ministry of Finance and Economic Development Parliament of Botswana Tourism Services Trade and Industry Vehicle License Renewal e-visa e-Services About Government Contact Us Ministries and Agencies Parastatals Publications Local Authorities Land Boards About Botswana About our Country Public Holidays School Terms News & Events Events News Press Releases Contact Us COVID-19 Breadcrumb Home » Law, Crime and Justice » Public Safety » Assistance During National Disasters Assistance During National Disasters Overview The BDF has over the years assisted local authorities during national disasters. The BDF is constantly on standby with resources and experienced personnel to assist Batswana in need. The BDF has helped Batswana during flooding incidents around the country. Who is eligible? All members of the public How do I get this service? This service is accessed through the National Disaster Management Office. What supporting documents are required? None How long will this service take? Service is treated as an Emergency. How much does it cost? The service is free. Where can I obtain this service? National Disaster Management, Office Of The President Where can I get more information on this Service National Disaster Management Office Of The President 3950800 Give Us Feedback Your name Your email address Subject Message Link Footer Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Give Us Feedback enquiries [at] gov.bw () Copyright © 2022. All right reserved. Government of Botswana.