BDF Band Services | Government of Botswana Skip to main content GOV.BW Search Main navigation Home Services Agriculture Benefits and Payments Culture, Sports and Tourism Education and Learning Health and Wellness Immigration and Civil Registration Labour and Employment Land, Construction and Housing Law, Crime and Justice Living in Botswana Licensing & Permits Natural Resources and Environment Social Services Trade and Industry Transport and Communications Service Links Administration of Justice Animal Traceability and Identification Independent Electoral commission Laws of Botswana Ministry of Finance and Economic Development Parliament of Botswana Tourism Services Trade and Industry Vehicle License Renewal e-visa e-Services About Government Contact Us Ministries and Agencies Parastatals Publications Local Authorities Land Boards About Botswana About our Country Public Holidays School Terms News & Events Events News Press Releases Contact Us COVID-19 Breadcrumb Home » BDF Band Services BDF Band Services Overview The Botswana Defence Force (BDF) Band has two different groups, the Military Band, used for ceremonial or official purposes and the Dance Band, which is used for entertainment. The dance band is the only available service for hire. Who is eligible? Government Departments Corporate Entities Non-Governmental Organisations Charitable Organisations Please note that we do not hire out the BDF Dance Band to individuals. How do I get this service? All eligible can request for the services of the BDF Band by writing a letter outlining the date, time and location of the performance requested What supporting documents are required? None How long will this service take? The turn around time for the response is one (1) week, and the response is done in writing. How much does it cost? Dance Band Services cost an initial flat rate of BWP750.00 for the first hour of performance and BWP 500.00 for each hour thereafter. The charge is applicable to all areas however; engagements outside Gaborone and its periphery will attract extra logistical charges. Charges are payable in cash, bank cheque or adjustment voucher to Barclays Bank BDF Band Dance Fund Acc No: 3901208 Industrial Branch Gaborone Where can I obtain this service? Botswana Defence Force Head Quarters, Sir Seretse Khama Barracks Where can I get more information on this Service The Directorate of Protocol and Public Affairs Botswana Defence Force HQ Sir Seretse Khama Barracks Private Bag X06 Gaborone, Botswana Tel: (+267) 366 2802 / 3662157/3662089 Fax: (+267) 3973600 E-mail: info.bdf [at] gov.bw Give Us Feedback Your name Your email address Subject Message Link Footer Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Give Us Feedback enquiries [at] gov.bw () Copyright © 2022. All right reserved. Government of Botswana.