Birth Registration | Government of Botswana Skip to main content GOV.BW Search Main navigation Home Services Agriculture Benefits and Payments Culture, Sports and Tourism Education and Learning Health and Wellness Immigration and Civil Registration Labour and Employment Land, Construction and Housing Law, Crime and Justice Living in Botswana Licensing & Permits Natural Resources and Environment Social Services Trade and Industry Transport and Communications Service Links Administration of Justice Animal Traceability and Identification Independent Electoral commission Laws of Botswana Ministry of Finance and Economic Development Parliament of Botswana Tourism Services Trade and Industry Vehicle License Renewal e-visa e-Services About Government Contact Us Ministries and Agencies Parastatals Publications Local Authorities Land Boards About Botswana About our Country Public Holidays School Terms News & Events Events News Press Releases Contact Us COVID-19 Breadcrumb Home » Immigration and Civil Registration » Civil Registration » Birth Registration Birth Registration Overview All births that occur within Botswana regardless of the parents’ nationality have to be registered in the Botswana Civil and National Registry. Once successfully registered, the child will be issued a birth certificate.Next of kin, being mother/father or guardian can collect a birth certificate . To obtain a duplicate of the birth certificate, someone with legal capacity and a valid national identity card for citizens or Passport for foreign nationals can collect his or her own birth certificate. Who is eligible? All children born in Botswana. How do I get this service? In order to access this service, applicants must complete the following steps. Submit the required documents (listed below) to the Department of Civil and National Registration along with the required documents. The clerk will enter the birth into the Birth Register. After signature by the Registrar General, one original birth certificate is presented to the parent(s) or guardian of the child. What supporting documents are required? On-time registration of births that occurred in health facilities Birth Notification form given by hospital personnel at the time of delivery. Identity document of the parents (valid national identity card (Omang) for citizens, passport for non citizens). On-time registration of births that occurred outside health institutions Confirmation letter from Kgosi. Under 5 medical card. Statement/ affidavit from the parents or guardian(s). Certified copy of valid national identity card of the parents or guardian(s). Statements/ affidavits from two witnesses who know of the birth. Certified copy of witnesses’ identity documents. Late registration of births that occurred in health facilities Confirmation letter from the hospital/maternity clinic. Under 5 medical card. Statement/ affidavit from the parents or guardian(s). Certified copy of national identity card (Omang) of the parents or guardian(s). Statements/ affidavits from two witnesses who know of the birth. Certified copy of witnesses’ identity documents. Late registration of births that occurred outside health institutions Confirmation letter from Kgosi. Extract from school admission record (for those already attending school). Under 5 medical card.· Statement/ affidavit from the parents or guardian(s). ·Certified copy of national identity card (Omang) of the parents or guardian(s). Statements/ affidavits from two witnesses who know of the birth. Certified copy of witnesses’ identity documents. How long will this service take? For births registered within 60 days of occurrence, the service will be completed on the same day. For births registered after 60 days of occurrence, it is considered a late registration and the service will take fourteen days to complete. How much does it cost? Births registered within 60 days of their occurrence are processed for free. Any registration done after that period attracts a levy of BWP5.00 for every month of defaulting, up to a maximum of BWP100.00. Where can I obtain this service? All Regional and District offices accross the country Department of Civil and National Registration Ministry of Nationality, Immigration and Gender Affairs Block 8, Government Enclave, Khama Crescent Private Bag 00240 Gaborone Botswana Tel. (+267)3611100/361115/3611132 Fax. (+267) 3907426 Email.mnig-pro@.gov.bw Toll Free Number. 0800 600 777 Opening hours: 7:30 to 12:45, and 13:45 to 16:30, Monday to Friday, except public holidays. Give Us Feedback Your name Your email address Subject Message Link Footer Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Give Us Feedback enquiries [at] gov.bw () Copyright © 2022. All right reserved. Government of Botswana.