Botswana National Service Programme (Tirelo Sechaba) | Government of Botswana Skip to main content GOV.BW Search Main navigation Home Services Agriculture Benefits and Payments Culture, Sports and Tourism Education and Learning Health and Wellness Immigration and Civil Registration Labour and Employment Land, Construction and Housing Law, Crime and Justice Living in Botswana Licensing & Permits Natural Resources and Environment Social Services Trade and Industry Transport and Communications Service Links Administration of Justice Animal Traceability and Identification Independent Electoral commission Laws of Botswana Ministry of Finance and Economic Development Parliament of Botswana Tourism Services Trade and Industry Vehicle License Renewal e-visa e-Services About Government Contact Us Ministries and Agencies Parastatals Publications Local Authorities Land Boards About Botswana About our Country Public Holidays School Terms News & Events Events News Press Releases Contact Us COVID-19 Breadcrumb Home » Labour and Employment » Employment & Apprentice » Botswana National Service Programme (Tirelo Sechaba) Botswana National Service Programme (Tirelo Sechaba) Overview The National Service Programme (Tirelo Sechaba) is responsible for creation of opportunities for unemployed young people to be able to gain skills and experience across various industries and business sectors. These opportunities not only benefit the youth but also contribute to the economic development of their communities. Selected applicants will be placed as volunteers in different Government Departments, Non-Governmental Organisations (NGO’s), public and parastatal sector institutions for a maximum period of ten (10) years. Process: Graduates express intention to enrol through an Application Form Government departments, Parastatals, NGOs and Community Based Organisations (CBOs) express intention to enrol graduates through a Request Form Graduate participants can transfer once after three (3) months by filling a Transfer Form Graduate participants are eligible for monthly allowance by submitting a Confirmation Form Graduate participants can choose to exit the programme before end of two years for various reasons by filling an Exit Form Graduate participants can opt for reinstatement by filling a Reinstatement Form Graduate participants' performance is monitored through a Workplan Form Who is eligible? Unemployed and out of school citizens Age ranging between 20-30 years without tertiary education qualifications How do I get this service? Download, complete and submit the National Service Program Application Form to the nearest MYSC District Office with supporting documents. The applicant will be contacted by Mail. What supporting documents are required? A certified copy of National Identity Card (Omang) A certified copy of academic qualifications Curriculum Vitae References (Professional or Academic) How long will this service take? Thirty (30) working days depending on availability. How much does it cost? No cost. Where can I obtain this service? MYSC Headquarters and District offices. Where can I get more information on this Service Ministry of Youth Empowerment, Sport and Culture Development Offices. Related Forms DNSI Exit Report (123.16 KB) National Service Program Application Form (164.53 KB) DNSI Transfer Form (153.01 KB) DNSI Reinstatement (168.58 KB) DNSI Monthly Confirmation (217.71 KB) Related Documents DNSI Guidelines (427.24 KB) DNSI Supervisors Guide (114.34 KB) Related Services National Internship Program Youth Development Fund Give Us Feedback Your name Your email address Subject Message Link Footer Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Give Us Feedback enquiries [at] gov.bw () Copyright © 2022. All right reserved. Government of Botswana.