Botswana Unreported Cases   | Government of Botswana Skip to main content GOV.BW Search Main navigation Home Services Agriculture Benefits and Payments Culture, Sports and Tourism Education and Learning Health and Wellness Immigration and Civil Registration Labour and Employment Land, Construction and Housing Law, Crime and Justice Living in Botswana Licensing & Permits Natural Resources and Environment Social Services Trade and Industry Transport and Communications Service Links Administration of Justice Animal Traceability and Identification Independent Electoral commission Laws of Botswana Ministry of Finance and Economic Development Parliament of Botswana Tourism Services Trade and Industry Vehicle License Renewal e-visa e-Services About Government Contact Us Ministries and Agencies Parastatals Publications Local Authorities Land Boards About Botswana About our Country Public Holidays School Terms News & Events Events News Press Releases Contact Us COVID-19 Breadcrumb Home » Law, Crime and Justice » legal » Botswana Unreported Cases Botswana Unreported Cases Overview Judgements from the Courts of Botswana, including the High Court, Industrial Court and Court of Appeal which have not been published in the Botswana Law Reports can be searched and downloaded in PDF format through the E-Laws website of Botswana. Who is eligible? Public How do I get this service? To access this service visit the Botswana e-Laws website and click on the unreported cases tab. The Botswana E-Laws Website: www.elaws.gov.bw How long will this service take? Immediate How much does it cost? No cost Where can I get more information on this Service Attorney General's Chambers Public Relations Officer Private Bag 009 Gaborone, Botswana Tel. (+267) 3613928 Fax. (+267) 3930261 Email. kjmarumo [at] gov.bw  Opening hours: 7:30 to 12:45 and 13:45 to 16:30, Monday to Friday, except public holidays. Give Us Feedback Your name Your email address Subject Message Link Footer Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Give Us Feedback enquiries [at] gov.bw () Copyright © 2022. All right reserved. Government of Botswana.