Burial of Foreign Nationals | Government of Botswana Skip to main content GOV.BW Search Main navigation Home Services Agriculture Benefits and Payments Culture, Sports and Tourism Education and Learning Health and Wellness Immigration and Civil Registration Labour and Employment Land, Construction and Housing Law, Crime and Justice Living in Botswana Licensing & Permits Natural Resources and Environment Social Services Trade and Industry Transport and Communications Service Links Administration of Justice Animal Traceability and Identification Independent Electoral commission Laws of Botswana Ministry of Finance and Economic Development Parliament of Botswana Tourism Services Trade and Industry Vehicle License Renewal e-visa e-Services About Government Contact Us Ministries and Agencies Parastatals Publications Local Authorities Land Boards About Botswana About our Country Public Holidays School Terms News & Events Events News Press Releases Contact Us COVID-19 Breadcrumb Home » Living in Botswana » Residence » Burial of Foreign Nationals Burial of Foreign Nationals Overview The Department of Protocol and Consular Services in the Ministry of International Affairs and Cooperation facilitates burials and repatriation of foreign nationals in Botswana. The authority to bury is given by the Office of the District Commissioner in the relevant district where the application is lodged. Who is eligible? Foreign nationals wishing to bury their deceased in Botswana Foreign nationals wishing to repatriate their deceased relatives from Botswana How do I get this service? Applicants should contact their country's nearest diplomatic mission, or consulate of the country of the deceased and request a Note Verbale authorising burial in Botswana or repatriation. Submit Note Verbale and accompanying documents (death certificate, a copy of passport or Identity card of applicant, residence permit, letter from spouse or authorised immediate family member consenting to the burial or repatriation). What supporting documents are required? Death Certificate Copy of passport or national Identity card of applicant Note Verbale from country's representative Diplomatic Mission or Consulate (Attach Link of Diplomatic Missions accredited to Botswana) Letter of consent from spouse or authorised immediate family member. Copy of passport of the deceased. Copy of residence /work permit (for resident) How long will this service take? Two (2) working days. How much does it cost? No charges. Where can I get more information on this Service Department of Protocol and Consular Services Ministry of International Affairs and Cooperation Private Bag 00368 Gaborone Botswana Government Enclave Tel. (+267) 3600700 Fax. (+267) 3973067 Email. miacprotocol [at] gov.bw Tel.(+267) 3600744 Fax.(+267) 3974516 Mobile phone:(+267) 72 376 603 Opening hours: 07:30 to 12:45 and 13:45 to 16:30, Monday to Friday except, public holidays. Give Us Feedback Your name Your email address Subject Message Link Footer Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Give Us Feedback enquiries [at] gov.bw () Copyright © 2022. All right reserved. Government of Botswana.