Business Plan Appraisal for Farming  | Government of Botswana Skip to main content GOV.BW Search Main navigation Home Services Agriculture Benefits and Payments Culture, Sports and Tourism Education and Learning Health and Wellness Immigration and Civil Registration Labour and Employment Land, Construction and Housing Law, Crime and Justice Living in Botswana Licensing & Permits Natural Resources and Environment Social Services Trade and Industry Transport and Communications Service Links Administration of Justice Animal Traceability and Identification Independent Electoral commission Laws of Botswana Ministry of Finance and Economic Development Parliament of Botswana Tourism Services Trade and Industry Vehicle License Renewal e-visa e-Services About Government Contact Us Ministries and Agencies Parastatals Publications Local Authorities Land Boards About Botswana About our Country Public Holidays School Terms News & Events Events News Press Releases Contact Us COVID-19 Breadcrumb Home » Agriculture » Advisory Role » Business Plan Appraisal for Farming Business Plan Appraisal for Farming Overview This service is meant to assess business plans for those farmers who want to apply to financial institutions for funding for start-ups or to rescale (expand, modify, abandon or replace) a project or their existing businesses. The farmer is intensively involved during the assessment process for ownership and is expected to explain and translate some issues that may prove to be difficult for the officer to easily understand. Who is eligible? Citizen and Non-Citizen farmer with: A reliable water source (excluding rain-fed production). A potential financier. An existing project (for those who want to use it to manage or rescale their existing project). How do I get this service? Submit developed business plan for review at the District Agribusiness Promotion Office. Once the assessment of the business plan is complete, the business plan is returned to the farmer who will then submit it to the financial institution to apply for funding or use it as a reference tool for rescaling of an existing project. What supporting documents are required? Proof of residence (a certified copy of resident permit for non- citizens). A certified copy of a valid National Identity Card (Omang) for citizens. A Land Rights Certificate (leased or allocated by Landboard Authorities). A developed business plan. A land assessment report by relevant departments. How long will this service take? Two (2) weeks. How much does it cost? No cost. Where can I get more information on this Service Ministry of Agricultural Development and Food Security Department of Agribusiness Promotion Private Bag 00298 Gaborone Botswana Tel. (+267) 3689706/3689709 Fax. (+267) 3689893 Call Centre Tel. 17755 Email. moa17755 [at] gov.bw The opening hours: 07:30 to 12:45 and 13:45 to 16:30, Monday to Friday, except public holidays. Related Documents TECHNICAL GUIDE FOR EGG PRODUCTION (171.2 KB) TECHNICAL GUIDE FOR ESTABLISHING A PIGGERY PROJECT (256.95 KB) TECHNICAL GUIDELINES FOR BEEKEEPING PROJECT (231.75 KB) TECHNICAL GUIDELINES FOR BROILER PRODUCTION (180.92 KB) VEGETABLE ENTERPRISE GUIDELINES (556.73 KB) District Agribusiness Promotion Office (221.92 KB) Give Us Feedback Your name Your email address Subject Message Link Footer Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Give Us Feedback enquiries [at] gov.bw () Copyright © 2022. All right reserved. Government of Botswana.