Call on the Chief of Protocol  | Government of Botswana Skip to main content GOV.BW Search Main navigation Home Services Agriculture Benefits and Payments Culture, Sports and Tourism Education and Learning Health and Wellness Immigration and Civil Registration Labour and Employment Land, Construction and Housing Law, Crime and Justice Living in Botswana Licensing & Permits Natural Resources and Environment Social Services Trade and Industry Transport and Communications Service Links Administration of Justice Animal Traceability and Identification Independent Electoral commission Laws of Botswana Ministry of Finance and Economic Development Parliament of Botswana Tourism Services Trade and Industry Vehicle License Renewal e-visa e-Services About Government Contact Us Ministries and Agencies Parastatals Publications Local Authorities Land Boards About Botswana About our Country Public Holidays School Terms News & Events Events News Press Releases Contact Us COVID-19 Breadcrumb Home » Living in Botswana » Diplomacy » Call on the Chief of Protocol Call on the Chief of Protocol Overview The Ambassador / High Commissioner is advised to call on the Chief of Protocol as soon as possible and present a copy of Letters of Credence and where applicable, a copy of the predecessor's Letters of Recall. If the credentials are in a language other than English, they should be accompanied by an English translation. After making this call, the Ambassador can take up official function in relation to the Ministry of International Affairs and Cooperation and call on the Dean of the Diplomatic Corps. Other functions must be deferred until the Ambassador / High Commissioner has presented his/her credentials to His Excellency, the President. Where can I get more information on this Service Ministry of International Affairs and Cooperation Private Bag 00368 Gaborone Botswana Government Enclave Tel. (+267) 3600700 Fax. (+267) 3973067 Email. miacprotocol [at] gov.bw Tel. (+267) 3600744 Fax. (+267) 3974516 Opening hours: 07:30 to 12:45 and 13:45 to 16:30 Monday to Friday, except weekends and public holidays. Related Documents Vienna Convention on Consular Relations_5.pdf (469.16 KB) Vienna Convention on Diplomatic Relations_7.pdf (271.43 KB) Botswana's Diplomatic_Privileges_and_Immunities Act_6.pdf (5.7 KB) Give Us Feedback Your name Your email address Subject Message Link Footer Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Give Us Feedback enquiries [at] gov.bw () Copyright © 2022. All right reserved. Government of Botswana.