Case Referral to Court | Government of Botswana Skip to main content GOV.BW Search Main navigation Home Services Agriculture Benefits and Payments Culture, Sports and Tourism Education and Learning Health and Wellness Immigration and Civil Registration Labour and Employment Land, Construction and Housing Law, Crime and Justice Living in Botswana Licensing & Permits Natural Resources and Environment Social Services Trade and Industry Transport and Communications Service Links Administration of Justice Animal Traceability and Identification Independent Electoral commission Laws of Botswana Ministry of Finance and Economic Development Parliament of Botswana Tourism Services Trade and Industry Vehicle License Renewal e-visa e-Services About Government Contact Us Ministries and Agencies Parastatals Publications Local Authorities Land Boards About Botswana About our Country Public Holidays School Terms News & Events Events News Press Releases Contact Us COVID-19 Breadcrumb Home » Case Referral to Court Case Referral to Court Overview This is a process where after mediation at District Labour Office, the matter is not settled, then the case is forwarded to the court by the parties for determination. Who is eligible? Any party who is aggrieved and their matter was not resolved at mediation level. Claims that are referred to this court under this process are unfair dismissal, leave days, severance benefit, overtime, constructive dismissal etc. as cited in terms of the Rules of the Industrial Court Rules. How do I get this service? In order to file this application, follow the steps below: Get a referral certificate in terms of Section 7(18) of the Trade Disputes Act from District Labour office Complete statement of case form in terms of Rule 25(1) of the Rules of Court Statement of case (full and detailed statement of what led to the dispute) Attach any necessary and relevant supporting documents to the claim (computations and letters i.e dismissal, disciplinary process and any other written communication) File and serve the application on the Respondent(s) File proof of service and wait for any response from the Respondent(s) If service is through personal service the waiting period is 14 days from the date of service; If the service is through registered mail, then the waiting period is 21 days form the date of postage Should the respondent not file any response to the claims against them within either the stipulated time under a or b above, then the matter is enrolled for a default hearing( this means that the court will only hear the applicant as the respondent has not shown any interest in the case or their silence is interpreted to mean they are conceding to owing the applicant what they are claiming) Should the respondent file their response, the same has to be served on the applicant and proof of such a service filed. Then the case become ready to be placed before the Honourable Judge for Case management. Application is enrolled for a hearing on a date to be decided upon by the court The court will then hear the appeal on the date set and make its determination. What supporting documents are required? Certificate of referral from District Labour office. Referral form from District Labour Office. Failure to reach settlement form from District Labour Office. Referral letter to be completed upon registration at the Industrial Court. Statement of case form – Form. A full and detailed statement. Computation of claims confirmed by District labour Office. Any other relevant documents to the claim. How long will this service take? At the maturity of the case for enrollment, it shows that the respondent has not filed its statement of defense then, the case is set down as a Default Hearing and this normally takes about 6 months form registration to be completed. How much does it cost? This service is offered for free. Where can I get more information on this Service For more information, refer to the Industrial Court Rules or contact the office listed below The Registrar Industrial Court of Botswana Private Bag BR 267 Gaborone, Botswana Phone: (+267) 3900565 Fax: (+267) 3900567 Facebook: Industrial Court of Botswana Opening hours: 07:30 to 12:45 and 13:45 to 16:30 Monday to Friday, except weekends and public holidays. Additional information can also be obtained in the Rules of Court and the Trade disputes Act. Related Forms Notice of Representation_1 (192.31 KB) Applicant's Statement of Case (210.75 KB) Respondent Statement of Defence (206.12 KB) Respondent Counter Claim (209.94 KB) Substituted Service_0 (214.48 KB) SUBPOENA (75.56 KB) Writ of Execution Contempt of Court (196.01 KB) Judgement in Default of Appearance (193.28 KB) Give Us Feedback Your name Your email address Subject Message Link Footer Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Give Us Feedback enquiries [at] gov.bw () Copyright © 2022. All right reserved. Government of Botswana.