Change of Name | Government of Botswana Skip to main content GOV.BW Search Main navigation Home Services Agriculture Benefits and Payments Culture, Sports and Tourism Education and Learning Health and Wellness Immigration and Civil Registration Labour and Employment Land, Construction and Housing Law, Crime and Justice Living in Botswana Licensing & Permits Natural Resources and Environment Social Services Trade and Industry Transport and Communications Service Links Administration of Justice Animal Traceability and Identification Independent Electoral commission Laws of Botswana Ministry of Finance and Economic Development Parliament of Botswana Tourism Services Trade and Industry Vehicle License Renewal e-visa e-Services About Government Contact Us Ministries and Agencies Parastatals Publications Local Authorities Land Boards About Botswana About our Country Public Holidays School Terms News & Events Events News Press Releases Contact Us COVID-19 Breadcrumb Home » Immigration and Civil Registration » Civil Registration » Change of Name Change of Name Overview This service allows citizens of Botswana to change their official name, as registered in the Civil and National Registry. Who is eligible? All citizens of Botswana. How do I get this service? In order to access this service, applicants must complete the following steps. Complete and submit Application for Change of Name (with relevant support documents) to the Department of Civil and National Registration. The application will be processed and publicised in the Government Gazette for 30 days to accommodate possible objections. If there are no objections, an authorisation is publicised for 14 days in the Government Gazette to inform members of the proposed change. If there is no objection to the authorisation, an authorisation letter is issued to the client. What supporting documents are required? Certified copies of the following documents should accompany the application form when applying for this service. Change of Name due to marriage Marriage Certificate or certificate from customary authorities in the case of a customary marriage (on the marriage of applicant’s parents). Change of Name due to any other reasons Birth Certificate or Affidavit of Birth. School Academic Certificates. Omang Card. Page 1 and 2 of passport. Any other legal documents. How long will this service take? Change of name due to marriage is processed same day Change of name due to any other reason takes 69 days to complete. How much does it cost? The cost of obtaining this service is BWP100.00 Where can I obtain this service? All Regional and Diatrict Offices accross the country Department of Civil and National Registration Head Office, Block 8, Government Enclave Khama Crescent Private Bag 00240 Gaborone Botswana Tel. CTEL:(+267) 361100/1400/ 1465 Toll free number. 0800 600 777 Opening hours: 7:30 to 12:45, and 13:45 to 16:30, Monday to Friday, except public holidays. Give Us Feedback Your name Your email address Subject Message Link Footer Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Give Us Feedback enquiries [at] gov.bw () Copyright © 2022. All right reserved. Government of Botswana.