Citizenship Application – Settlement | Government of Botswana Skip to main content GOV.BW Search Main navigation Home Services Agriculture Benefits and Payments Culture, Sports and Tourism Education and Learning Health and Wellness Immigration and Civil Registration Labour and Employment Land, Construction and Housing Law, Crime and Justice Living in Botswana Licensing & Permits Natural Resources and Environment Social Services Trade and Industry Transport and Communications Service Links Administration of Justice Animal Traceability and Identification Independent Electoral commission Laws of Botswana Ministry of Finance and Economic Development Parliament of Botswana Tourism Services Trade and Industry Vehicle License Renewal e-visa e-Services About Government Contact Us Ministries and Agencies Parastatals Publications Local Authorities Land Boards About Botswana About our Country Public Holidays School Terms News & Events Events News Press Releases Contact Us COVID-19 Breadcrumb Home » Immigration and Civil Registration » Citizenship » Citizenship Application – Settlement Citizenship Application – Settlement Overview People who have settled in Botswana immediately before 30 September 1966 and meet the eligibility requirements can apply for citizenship in Botswana. Who is eligible? All foreign nationals who have settled in Botswana immediately before 30 September 1966 and have lived as members or been customarily accepted as members of a particular tribe or community. How do I get this service? In order to access this service, applicants must complete the following steps. Complete and Submit Form A “Declaration concerning citizenship of Botswana by Settlement” along with required documents and fees listed below. After the application is received, the office will send a letter to the applicant notifying him/her of the outcome The applicant is then required to go to the office where the application was lodged to collect a Certificate of registration by Settlement. Take oath of allegiance and complete personal declaration forms Certificate of settlement will be issued to the applicant after taking oath Two witnesses and copies of their identity documents (Botswana citizens) What supporting documents are required? Two coloured passport sized photos. Certified copy of valid birth certificate or affidavit in lieu of birth certificate. Personal declaration to establish nationality (Form obtained from Immigration Offices). Certified copy of valid residence permits if available. Proof that the applicant has been in Botswana for such a period (i.e. letter from tribal authority). How long will this service take? Approximately one month. How much does it cost? The cost is BWP200.00 Where can I obtain this service? All Regional Immigration Offices, District Immigration Offices and Missions Abroad. Department of Immigration and Citizenship Ministry of Nationality, Immigration and Gender Affairs Tel. (+267) 361 1300 Toll Free. 0800 600 777 Opening hours: 7:30 to 12:45, and 13:45 to 16:30, Monday to Friday, except public holidays Give Us Feedback Your name Your email address Subject Message Link Footer Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Give Us Feedback enquiries [at] gov.bw () Copyright © 2022. All right reserved. Government of Botswana.