Citizenship Application – Naturalization of Foreign Spouse | Government of Botswana Skip to main content GOV.BW Search Main navigation Home Services Agriculture Benefits and Payments Culture, Sports and Tourism Education and Learning Health and Wellness Immigration and Civil Registration Labour and Employment Land, Construction and Housing Law, Crime and Justice Living in Botswana Licensing & Permits Natural Resources and Environment Social Services Trade and Industry Transport and Communications Service Links Administration of Justice Animal Traceability and Identification Independent Electoral commission Laws of Botswana Ministry of Finance and Economic Development Parliament of Botswana Tourism Services Trade and Industry Vehicle License Renewal e-visa e-Services About Government Contact Us Ministries and Agencies Parastatals Publications Local Authorities Land Boards About Botswana About our Country Public Holidays School Terms News & Events Events News Press Releases Contact Us COVID-19 Breadcrumb Home » Immigration and Civil Registration » Citizenship » Citizenship Application – Naturalization of Foreign Spouse Citizenship Application – Naturalization of Foreign Spouse Overview An individual who meet the requirements for naturalization as a foreign spouse can apply for a Certificate of Naturalization and become a Botswana citizen. Who is eligible? All foreigners who are married to citizens of Botswana and have resided in Botswana for a period of at least five years. How do I get this service? In order to access this service, applicants must complete the following steps. The applicant must have applied for a declaration of intention to make an application for a certificate of naturalization (spouse of a citizen)-form K. Complete and Submit Form N “Certificate of Naturalization by Foreign Spouse)” along with required documents and fees listed below. After the application is received, you will be publicized in the Government Gazzette to give those who are against your citizenship application to voice out their concerns. The office will send you a letter via post inviting you for a citizenship interview. If your application is rejected, a rejection letter will be sent to you by mail. If your application is successful, letters requesting you to renounce your foreign citizenship will be sent to you by mail. What supporting documents are required? Two recent coloured passport size photos. Form M supplement. Completed police report form. Certified copy of valid residence permit. Certified copy of marriage certificate. Certified copy of spouse’s valid national identity card (Omang). Maturity letter. Certified copy of valid passport. How long will this service take? Approximately one year. How much does it cost? The cost is BWP250.00. Where can I obtain this service? All Regional Immigration Offices, District Immigration Offices and Missions Abroad. Department of Immigration and Citizenship Ministry of Nationality, Immigration and Gender Affairs Tel. (+267) 361 1300 Toll Free. 0800 600 77 Opening hours: 7:30 to 12:45, and 13:45 to 16:30, Monday to Friday, except public holidays. Related Services Citizenship Application – Declaration of Intention Give Us Feedback Your name Your email address Subject Message Link Footer Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Give Us Feedback enquiries [at] gov.bw () Copyright © 2022. All right reserved. Government of Botswana.