Citizenship Application – Naturalization | Government of Botswana Skip to main content GOV.BW Search Main navigation Home Services Agriculture Benefits and Payments Culture, Sports and Tourism Education and Learning Health and Wellness Immigration and Civil Registration Labour and Employment Land, Construction and Housing Law, Crime and Justice Living in Botswana Licensing & Permits Natural Resources and Environment Social Services Trade and Industry Transport and Communications Service Links Administration of Justice Animal Traceability and Identification Independent Electoral commission Laws of Botswana Ministry of Finance and Economic Development Parliament of Botswana Tourism Services Trade and Industry Vehicle License Renewal e-visa e-Services About Government Contact Us Ministries and Agencies Parastatals Publications Local Authorities Land Boards About Botswana About our Country Public Holidays School Terms News & Events Events News Press Releases Contact Us COVID-19 Breadcrumb Home » Immigration and Civil Registration » Citizenship » Citizenship Application – Naturalization Citizenship Application – Naturalization Overview The Certificate of Naturalization can be issued to investors, employees, students, immigrants and dependents to give them the same rights as all citizens of Botswana. Who is eligible? All foreigners who have resided in Botswana for an aggregate period of not less than ten years and have resided in Botswana for a continuous period of twelve months immediately preceding the date of application. How do I get this service? In order to access this service, applicants must complete the following steps. Complete Form L “Certificate for Naturalization” and submit it along with a police report form and fees to the Department of Immigration and Citizenship (address provided below). Acknowledgement of receipt of application will be sent to the applicant through mail. After the application has been processed, the applicant will receive a letter in the mail inviting them for an interview. If your application is successful, letters requesting you to renounce your foreign citizenship will be sent to you via mail. You will be issued with a certificate of naturalization after you have renounced your foreign citizenship. If your application is rejected a rejection letter will be sent to you via mail. You can re-apply if you wish. (there is no time restriction for re-submission). What supporting documents are required? Requirements applicable to all Completed Certificate for Naturalization (Form L) Two recent coloured passport size photos Two certified copies of valid Botswana residence permit Completed set of police report forms Certified copy of birth certificate Certified copy of marriage certificate and copy of spouse’s citizenship status (if applicable) Certified copies of applicant’s educational qualifications (if married, also provide spouse’s educational qualifications) Copy of Curriculum Vitae Additional Requirements for Student Admission letter from the educational institution Proof of payment of tuition Additional Requirements for Dependents and Immigrants Proof of parents’ citizenship status Additional Requirements for Employees Value of property owned. Employment contract Additional Requirements for Investors Those operating businesses should state: Name of business. Location of business. Service provided. Number of employees hired. Number of shares held. Value of property owned or copy of lease agreement. Type of trading license held. Tax return for the past year. How long will this service take? Approximately one year. How much does it cost? The cost is BWP1000.00 for each applicant. Where can I obtain this service? All Regional Immigration Offices, District Immigration Offices and Missions Abroad. Department of Immigration and Citizenship Ministry of Nationality, Immigration and Gender Affairs Tel. (+267) 361 1300 Toll Free. 0800 600 777 Opening hours: 7:30 to 12:45, and 13:45 to 16:30, Monday to Friday, except public holidays. Related Services Citizenship Application – Declaration of Intention Citizenship Application – Naturalization of Foreign Spouse Renunciation Of Citizenship By Reason Of Dual Citizenship Or Nationality Give Us Feedback Your name Your email address Subject Message Link Footer Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Give Us Feedback enquiries [at] gov.bw () Copyright © 2022. All right reserved. Government of Botswana.