Citizenship Application – Adopted Child | Government of Botswana Skip to main content GOV.BW Search Main navigation Home Services Agriculture Benefits and Payments Culture, Sports and Tourism Education and Learning Health and Wellness Immigration and Civil Registration Labour and Employment Land, Construction and Housing Law, Crime and Justice Living in Botswana Licensing & Permits Natural Resources and Environment Social Services Trade and Industry Transport and Communications Service Links Administration of Justice Animal Traceability and Identification Independent Electoral commission Laws of Botswana Ministry of Finance and Economic Development Parliament of Botswana Tourism Services Trade and Industry Vehicle License Renewal e-visa e-Services About Government Contact Us Ministries and Agencies Parastatals Publications Local Authorities Land Boards About Botswana About our Country Public Holidays School Terms News & Events Events News Press Releases Contact Us COVID-19 Breadcrumb Home » Immigration and Civil Registration » Citizenship » Citizenship Application – Adopted Child Citizenship Application – Adopted Child Overview This application gives Batswana citizens who have adopted children of foreign nationals a chance to register their adopted children as citizens of Botswana. Who is eligible? The applicant must be a Motswana and must have an adopted child who is over three(3) years old. The child must be legally adopted and must have a valid residence permit in Botswana. The adopted child must be registered before the age of twenty one(21) years old. How do I get this service? In order to access this service, applicants must complete the following steps. Complete and submit Form C “Application for registration as Citizen of Botswana of Adopted Child over three(3) years old” to an Immigration Office along with required documents and fees listed below. After the application is received, the office will send a letter to the applicant to come to Immigration Offices to collect the outcome. Check the outcome of your application through the office where the application was made. Get your outcome from the Office (A certificate of registration will be issued to you). What supporting documents are required? Two passport sized photographs. Copy of adoption certificate. Proof of parents' citizenship status e.g. copy of a valid National Identity card (Omang). Police report forms for children over sixteen(16) years old. Copy of adoptive parents' marriage certificate if parents are married. Copy of a valid residence permit. All copies should be certified. How long will this service take? Approximately one(1) month. How much does it cost? The cost is BWP 50.00 Related Services Citizenship Application – Declaration of Intention Citizenship Application – Dual Citizenship Renunciation Of Citizenship By Reason Of Dual Citizenship Or Nationality Give Us Feedback Your name Your email address Subject Message Link Footer Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Give Us Feedback enquiries [at] gov.bw () Copyright © 2022. All right reserved. Government of Botswana.