Citizenship Application – Declaration of Intention | Government of Botswana Skip to main content GOV.BW Search Main navigation Home Services Agriculture Benefits and Payments Culture, Sports and Tourism Education and Learning Health and Wellness Immigration and Civil Registration Labour and Employment Land, Construction and Housing Law, Crime and Justice Living in Botswana Licensing & Permits Natural Resources and Environment Social Services Trade and Industry Transport and Communications Service Links Administration of Justice Animal Traceability and Identification Independent Electoral commission Laws of Botswana Ministry of Finance and Economic Development Parliament of Botswana Tourism Services Trade and Industry Vehicle License Renewal e-visa e-Services About Government Contact Us Ministries and Agencies Parastatals Publications Local Authorities Land Boards About Botswana About our Country Public Holidays School Terms News & Events Events News Press Releases Contact Us COVID-19 Breadcrumb Home » Immigration and Civil Registration » Citizenship » Citizenship Application – Declaration of Intention Citizenship Application – Declaration of Intention Overview An applicant who intends to apply for a Certificate of Naturalization as a Foreign Spouse must submit a Declaration of Intention Form as required by the Citizenship Act. Who is eligible? The applicant must be a non-citizen married to a Botswana citizen and has resided in Botswana for a minimum of two and a half years. How do I get this service? In order to access this service, applicants must complete the following steps. Complete and Submit Form K “Declaration on Intention to make an Application for a Certificate of Naturalization by a Foreign Spouse” and submit at any Immigration Office along with required documents and fees listed below. After the application is received, the office will send the Maturity Letter to the applicant through mail. What supporting documents are required? Two passport size coloured photos. Certified copy of the spouse’s valid national identity card (Omang). Certified copy of valid residence permit. Certified copy of marriage certificate. How long will this service take? Approximately one month. How much does it cost? There are no costs Where can I obtain this service? All Regional Immigration Offices, District Immigration Offices and Missions abroad. Department of Immigration and Citizenship Ministry of Nationality, Immigration and Gender Affairs Tel. (+267) 361 1300 Toll Free. 0800 600 777 Opening hours: 7:30 to 12:45, and 13:45 to 16:30, Monday to Friday, except public holidays. Related Services Citizenship Application – Dual Citizenship Renunciation Of Citizenship By Reason Of Dual Citizenship Or Nationality Give Us Feedback Your name Your email address Subject Message Link Footer Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Give Us Feedback enquiries [at] gov.bw () Copyright © 2022. All right reserved. Government of Botswana.