Civil Imprisonment | Government of Botswana Skip to main content GOV.BW Search Main navigation Home Services Agriculture Benefits and Payments Culture, Sports and Tourism Education and Learning Health and Wellness Immigration and Civil Registration Labour and Employment Land, Construction and Housing Law, Crime and Justice Living in Botswana Licensing & Permits Natural Resources and Environment Social Services Trade and Industry Transport and Communications Service Links Administration of Justice Animal Traceability and Identification Independent Electoral commission Laws of Botswana Ministry of Finance and Economic Development Parliament of Botswana Tourism Services Trade and Industry Vehicle License Renewal e-visa e-Services About Government Contact Us Ministries and Agencies Parastatals Publications Local Authorities Land Boards About Botswana About our Country Public Holidays School Terms News & Events Events News Press Releases Contact Us COVID-19 Breadcrumb Home » Civil Imprisonment Civil Imprisonment Overview This is an application made to the court for the Judgment debtor to be imprisoned for failure to pay as per the settlement agreement made before the District Labour Office in terms of section 7(13) as read with 28(2) of the Trade Disputes Act of 2016. Who is eligible? Any party whom there has been nulla bona return filed by the Deputy Sheriff. How do I get this service? In order to file a civil imprisonment application, follow the steps below: Complete and file a notice of motion in term of the rules of court at the court registry. File a founding affidavit. Draft order. The court will then hear the appeal on the date set and make its determination. What supporting documents are required? Notice of Motion. Founding Affidavit. Draft Order. Certificate from District Labour Office to enforce settlement agreement in terms of section 7(13) of the Trade Disputes Act of 2016. Nulla Bona Return form the Deputy Sherriff. Writ of execution. Settlement form District Labour office. How long will this service take? Once the application has been delivered to the Judge for enrollment, the process is expected to be completed within approximately three (3) months. How much does it cost? This service is offered for free. Where can I get more information on this Service For more information, please refer to the Industrial Court Rules or contact the office listed below. The Registrar Industrial Court of Botswana Private Bag BR 267 Gaborone, Botswana Phone: (+267) 3900565 Fax: (+267) 3900567 Facebook: Industrial Court of Botswana Opening hours: 07:30 to 12:45 and 13:45 to 16:30 Monday to Friday, except weekends and public holidays. Additional information can also be obtained from the Industrial Court Rules Related Forms Notice of Representation (192.31 KB) Notice of Motion (194.92 KB) Applicant's Founding Affidavit (226.67 KB) Draft Order (184.01 KB) Notice of Opposition (209.65 KB) Despondence Answering Affidavit (217.96 KB) Applicant's Replying Affidavit (218.59 KB) Substituted Service (214.48 KB) Give Us Feedback Your name Your email address Subject Message Link Footer Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Give Us Feedback enquiries [at] gov.bw () Copyright © 2022. All right reserved. Government of Botswana.