Cluster Fencing Application Through ISPAAD  | Government of Botswana Skip to main content GOV.BW Search Main navigation Home Services Agriculture Benefits and Payments Culture, Sports and Tourism Education and Learning Health and Wellness Immigration and Civil Registration Labour and Employment Land, Construction and Housing Law, Crime and Justice Living in Botswana Licensing & Permits Natural Resources and Environment Social Services Trade and Industry Transport and Communications Service Links Administration of Justice Animal Traceability and Identification Independent Electoral commission Laws of Botswana Ministry of Finance and Economic Development Parliament of Botswana Tourism Services Trade and Industry Vehicle License Renewal e-visa e-Services About Government Contact Us Ministries and Agencies Parastatals Publications Local Authorities Land Boards About Botswana About our Country Public Holidays School Terms News & Events Events News Press Releases Contact Us COVID-19 Breadcrumb Home » Benefits and Payments » Subsidies » Cluster Fencing Application Through ISPAAD Cluster Fencing Application Through ISPAAD Overview Farmers can apply for assistance through a 100% government subsidy on the cost of fencing material. The provision of field fencing will be modeled around an enclosed drift fence concept to exclude animals from arable fields. This assistance is provided through The Integrated Support Programme for Arable Agriculture Development (ISPAAD). Who is eligible? Citizens and Non-citizens aged 18 years and above. Applicants should have access to land (proof of ownership or leasehold). In case of leasehold, the lease period should not be less than 50 years. How do I get this service? Submit the relevant supporting documents to the District Crop Production offices. Extensive consultations will be undertaken with farming communities and local authorities on clustering of fields to promote collective ownership of the fence. Feasibility studies will then be undertaken to confirm the suitability of the proposed area and the alignment of the perimeter fence. The Cluster Committee will then apply to the Land Board for the cluster fencing. What supporting documents are required? Certified copy of valid National Identity Card (Omang). Certified copy of Work permit and Residence permit Certified copy of Land board certificate, lease or title deed. Cluster constitution. How long will this service take? Three (3) months. How much does it cost? This service is free of charge through a 100% government subsidy. Where can I get more information on this Service ISPAAD Coordinator Department of Crop Production Ministry of Agricultural Development and Food Security Head Quarters Plot 4701 Mmaraka Road 3rd Floor, Office No. 301 Private Bag 00435 Gaborone Botswana Tel. (+267) 3689305 E-mail: dcp [at] gov.bw Call Centre: Tel.17755 Email:moa17755 [at] gov.bw Opening hours are from 07:30 to 12:45 then 13:45 to 16:30, Monday to Friday, except public holidays. Related Documents ISPAAD Guidelines Revised May 2013 (2.93 MB) Agricultural_Management_Associations_Act ChP 3508 (13 KB) District Crop Production Offices_0 (278.2 KB) Give Us Feedback Your name Your email address Subject Message Link Footer Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Give Us Feedback enquiries [at] gov.bw () Copyright © 2022. All right reserved. Government of Botswana.