Commissioning Oaths | Government of Botswana Skip to main content GOV.BW Search Main navigation Home Services Agriculture Benefits and Payments Culture, Sports and Tourism Education and Learning Health and Wellness Immigration and Civil Registration Labour and Employment Land, Construction and Housing Law, Crime and Justice Living in Botswana Licensing & Permits Natural Resources and Environment Social Services Trade and Industry Transport and Communications Service Links Administration of Justice Animal Traceability and Identification Independent Electoral commission Laws of Botswana Ministry of Finance and Economic Development Parliament of Botswana Tourism Services Trade and Industry Vehicle License Renewal e-visa e-Services About Government Contact Us Ministries and Agencies Parastatals Publications Local Authorities Land Boards About Botswana About our Country Public Holidays School Terms News & Events Events News Press Releases Contact Us COVID-19 Breadcrumb Home » Law, Crime and Justice » legal » Commissioning Oaths Commissioning Oaths Overview It entails taking an oath before a police officer of the rank of Sergeant and above or any other officer specified in the Commissioners of Oaths Act Cap 05:03 of the Laws of Botswana. (Part I and II of the schedule). Who is eligible? Any person who has the need to make an oath How do I get this service? Visit the nearest police station or any other specified in the Commissioners of Oaths Act Cap 05:03 of the Laws of Botswana. (Part I and II of the schedule). What supporting documents are required? Valid identification documents How long will this service take? Immediately How much does it cost? Free Where can I obtain this service? Visit the nearest Police Station. Where can I get more information on this Service Visit the nearest Police Station Give Us Feedback Your name Your email address Subject Message Link Footer Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Give Us Feedback enquiries [at] gov.bw () Copyright © 2022. All right reserved. Government of Botswana.