Commissioner of Oath | Government of Botswana Skip to main content GOV.BW Search Main navigation Home Services Agriculture Benefits and Payments Culture, Sports and Tourism Education and Learning Health and Wellness Immigration and Civil Registration Labour and Employment Land, Construction and Housing Law, Crime and Justice Living in Botswana Licensing & Permits Natural Resources and Environment Social Services Trade and Industry Transport and Communications Service Links Administration of Justice Animal Traceability and Identification Independent Electoral commission Laws of Botswana Ministry of Finance and Economic Development Parliament of Botswana Tourism Services Trade and Industry Vehicle License Renewal e-visa e-Services About Government Contact Us Ministries and Agencies Parastatals Publications Local Authorities Land Boards About Botswana About our Country Public Holidays School Terms News & Events Events News Press Releases Contact Us COVID-19 Breadcrumb Home » Law, Crime and Justice » legal » Commissioner of Oath Commissioner of Oath Overview Certifies copies of original documents and commissions oath on an affidavit. Who is eligible? Any person who has the need to make an oath on affidavit and certify copies. How do I get this service? Office of the District Commissioner Botswana Police Service Magistrates Civil and National Registration What supporting documents are required? Original Copy Copy of the original National Identification Document (Omang for citizens) or Passport for Non-citizens 2 Witnesses How long will this service take? Customers can acquire information from the office of the District Commissioner in all Districts. How much does it cost? There is no cost. Where can I get more information on this Service Office of the Deputy District Commissioner Civil and National Registration offices Give Us Feedback Your name Your email address Subject Message Link Footer Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Give Us Feedback enquiries [at] gov.bw () Copyright © 2022. All right reserved. Government of Botswana.