Consumer Education | Government of Botswana Skip to main content GOV.BW Search Main navigation Home Services Agriculture Benefits and Payments Culture, Sports and Tourism Education and Learning Health and Wellness Immigration and Civil Registration Labour and Employment Land, Construction and Housing Law, Crime and Justice Living in Botswana Licensing & Permits Natural Resources and Environment Social Services Trade and Industry Transport and Communications Service Links Administration of Justice Animal Traceability and Identification Independent Electoral commission Laws of Botswana Ministry of Finance and Economic Development Parliament of Botswana Tourism Services Trade and Industry Vehicle License Renewal e-visa e-Services About Government Contact Us Ministries and Agencies Parastatals Publications Local Authorities Land Boards About Botswana About our Country Public Holidays School Terms News & Events Events News Press Releases Contact Us COVID-19 Breadcrumb Home » Trade and Industry » Doing Business » Consumer Education Consumer Education Overview Consumer responsibility is the key to every consumers’ right. It is the responsibility of every consumer to act responsibly as the Consumer Protection Office alone would not defeat the injustices that exist in the markets. Consumers must exercise responsibility as they go about making decisions in market places. This include but not limited to familiarizing themselves with terms of contracts before binding themselves with agreements. Consumer must be aware of their rights and seek protection from relevant authorities if they feel their rights are been violated. Business Education Businesses must familiarize their staff with consumer protection laws such as the Consumer Protection Act and capacitate them on good customer service and have within their internal processes, clear consumer complaints resolution mechanisms. Unethical business practices cannot be tolerated, and it is every business’ responsibility to ensure good customer welfare through market offerings. This include but not limited to fair advertising, issuance of receipts, good complaints management and good customer care among others. Where can I get more information on this Service Competition and Consumer Authority Private Bag 00101 Gaborone Main Mall, Plot 28 Matsitama Road Tel: 3934278 Fax: 3121013 Email: CA [at] competitionauthority.co.bw Web: www.competitionauthority.co.bw Give Us Feedback Your name Your email address Subject Message Link Footer Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Give Us Feedback enquiries [at] gov.bw () Copyright © 2022. All right reserved. Government of Botswana.