Constituency Art Competition | Government of Botswana Skip to main content GOV.BW Search Main navigation Home Services Agriculture Benefits and Payments Culture, Sports and Tourism Education and Learning Health and Wellness Immigration and Civil Registration Labour and Employment Land, Construction and Housing Law, Crime and Justice Living in Botswana Licensing & Permits Natural Resources and Environment Social Services Trade and Industry Transport and Communications Service Links Administration of Justice Animal Traceability and Identification Independent Electoral commission Laws of Botswana Ministry of Finance and Economic Development Parliament of Botswana Tourism Services Trade and Industry Vehicle License Renewal e-visa e-Services About Government Contact Us Ministries and Agencies Parastatals Publications Local Authorities Land Boards About Botswana About our Country Public Holidays School Terms News & Events Events News Press Releases Contact Us COVID-19 Breadcrumb Home » Culture, Sports and Tourism » Competition & Sports » Constituency Art Competition Constituency Art Competition Overview The Constituency Art Competition is a biannual program administered by the Ministry of Youth Empowerment, Sport & Culture Development together with various Arts Associations in Botswana. The aim of this programme is to promote growth and support for the arts as a means to preserve culture and heritage. The competitions are held twice a year between August and March, during the third and fourth quarter of the financial year. The competitions place an emphasis on the Performing Arts (theatre, poetry, various traditional dances and instruments). The Constituency Arts Competitions commenced in 2010 and aim to nurture talent and provide leisure and recreation for young people. The objectives of the programme are to unearth talent, particularly amongst the youth; keep youth meaningfully engaged so as to avoid substance abuse; promote artistic talent as well as provide leisure activities for youth. The Competition runs in two cycles at ward level and constituency level. The prize money ranges between P1000.00 and P3000.00 at ward level, whereas at constituency level, prize money ranges between P2000.00 and P5000.00. Who is eligible? Citizens of Botswana. How do I get this service? Registration is undertaken at MYSC District Offices. What supporting documents are required? Certified copy of valid national identification card (Omang). How long will this service take? Two (2) months. How much does it cost? No cost. Where can I obtain this service? All MYSC District Offices. Where can I get more information on this Service Ministry of Youth Empowerment, Sport and Culture Development Y2K Building – Central Business District Plot 54372 Private Bag 00514, Gaborone Botswana Tel. (+267) 3682600 Fax. (+267) 3913473 Toll Free No. 0800 600 883 Related Forms CONSTITUENCY ART COMPETITIONS REGISTRATION FORM (179.5 KB) Give Us Feedback Your name Your email address Subject Message Link Footer Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Give Us Feedback enquiries [at] gov.bw () Copyright © 2022. All right reserved. Government of Botswana.