Consular Services Not Provided to Batswana   | Government of Botswana Skip to main content GOV.BW Search Main navigation Home Services Agriculture Benefits and Payments Culture, Sports and Tourism Education and Learning Health and Wellness Immigration and Civil Registration Labour and Employment Land, Construction and Housing Law, Crime and Justice Living in Botswana Licensing & Permits Natural Resources and Environment Social Services Trade and Industry Transport and Communications Service Links Administration of Justice Animal Traceability and Identification Independent Electoral commission Laws of Botswana Ministry of Finance and Economic Development Parliament of Botswana Tourism Services Trade and Industry Vehicle License Renewal e-visa e-Services About Government Contact Us Ministries and Agencies Parastatals Publications Local Authorities Land Boards About Botswana About our Country Public Holidays School Terms News & Events Events News Press Releases Contact Us COVID-19 Breadcrumb Home » Living in Botswana » Residence » Consular Services Not Provided to Batswana Consular Services Not Provided to Batswana Overview Provision of Legal Advice, representation or institute Court Proceedings. Intervention in local judicial practices in relation to private matters. Intervention in local investigations involving Motswana abroad (e.g. crimes committed, deaths occurred etc.) Conduct search and rescue efforts abroad. Paying of personal expenses for Batswana abroad (Issuing of loans, medical bills, hotel bills, payment of pensions, air fares, transport, meals, return of remains, financially supporting Batswana incarcerated abroad etc.) Assisting with transfer of funds for Batswana. Facilitating personal arrangements such as obtaining accommodation and work, residence, study permits for Batswana travelling or planning to live and work abroad. Intervention in relation to customs or quarantine requirements and regulations of foreign countries. Provision of security protection. Acceptance of responsibility for custody and safe return of property. Where can I get more information on this Service Ministry of International Affairs and Cooperation Private Bag 00368 Gaborone Botswana Government Enclave Tel. (+267) 3600700 Fax. (+267) 3973067 Email. miacprotocol [at] gov.bw Tel. (+267) 3600744 Fax. (+267) 3974516 Opening hours: 07:30 to 12:45 and 13:45 to 16:30 Monday to Friday, except weekends and public holidays. Give Us Feedback Your name Your email address Subject Message Link Footer Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Give Us Feedback enquiries [at] gov.bw () Copyright © 2022. All right reserved. Government of Botswana.