Conveyance of Corpse | Government of Botswana Skip to main content GOV.BW Search Main navigation Home Services Agriculture Benefits and Payments Culture, Sports and Tourism Education and Learning Health and Wellness Immigration and Civil Registration Labour and Employment Land, Construction and Housing Law, Crime and Justice Living in Botswana Licensing & Permits Natural Resources and Environment Social Services Trade and Industry Transport and Communications Service Links Administration of Justice Animal Traceability and Identification Independent Electoral commission Laws of Botswana Ministry of Finance and Economic Development Parliament of Botswana Tourism Services Trade and Industry Vehicle License Renewal e-visa e-Services About Government Contact Us Ministries and Agencies Parastatals Publications Local Authorities Land Boards About Botswana About our Country Public Holidays School Terms News & Events Events News Press Releases Contact Us COVID-19 Breadcrumb Home » Health and Wellness » Public Health Services » Conveyance of Corpse Conveyance of Corpse Overview The service is for the facilitation of the release of a corpse from a health facility to next of kin/family. Who is eligible? Next of kin/family members. How do I get this service? Visit Ministry of Health and Wellness Headquarters Floor 9, Office 9A18 (The service is currently offered at headquarters only) What supporting documents are required? Three certified copies of death certificate. Three copies of non-infectious letter from the hospital. Three certified copies of passport of deceased. Three certified copies of passport of the accompanying person with the same surname (in case of different surnames, affidavit from police to be availed). If person died at home, three copies of police affidavit needed. Death certificate should always show cause of death, if not, affidavit from police to be availed to confirm there is no foul play. How long will this service take? Immediate. How much does it cost? There is no cost associated with this service Where can I obtain this service? Visit Ministry of Health and Wellness Headquarters in Gaborone Opening hours are from 07:30 to 16:30, Monday to Friday, except public holidays. Where can I get more information on this Service Ministry of Health and Wellness Headquarters in Gaborone Department of Health Services Floor 9, Office 9A18 Plot 5409, 24 Amos Street Government Enclave Gaborone, Botswana Telephone: 3632424/TEL: 3632027 Give Us Feedback Your name Your email address Subject Message Link Footer Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Give Us Feedback enquiries [at] gov.bw () Copyright © 2022. All right reserved. Government of Botswana.