Counting of Votes | Government of Botswana Skip to main content GOV.BW Search Main navigation Home Services Agriculture Benefits and Payments Culture, Sports and Tourism Education and Learning Health and Wellness Immigration and Civil Registration Labour and Employment Land, Construction and Housing Law, Crime and Justice Living in Botswana Licensing & Permits Natural Resources and Environment Social Services Trade and Industry Transport and Communications Service Links Administration of Justice Animal Traceability and Identification Independent Electoral commission Laws of Botswana Ministry of Finance and Economic Development Parliament of Botswana Tourism Services Trade and Industry Vehicle License Renewal e-visa e-Services About Government Contact Us Ministries and Agencies Parastatals Publications Local Authorities Land Boards About Botswana About our Country Public Holidays School Terms News & Events Events News Press Releases Contact Us COVID-19 Breadcrumb Home » Living in Botswana » Voting » Counting of Votes Counting of Votes Overview After verification of ballots is completed and all ballot boxes of a polling district/constituency have arrived, counting begins. Each ballot paper is unfolded to reveal the voter's mark identifying his/her candidate choice. The ballot is deposited into the receptacle marked with the name of a party which the chosen candidate belongs to or the independent candidate’s receptacle. When the intention of the voter is clear, the vote is valid and will be counted. Ballot papers in which the intention is not clear will be rejected. For purposes of control and management of the process admission into counting centres to witness, counting of votes is limited to candidates and their spouses, election agents and counting agents assigned by the candidates, returning offices and assistant returning officers, and accredited observers and media. Admission of counting agents is by letter of appointment signed by the candidate contesting elections in the polling district/constituency. Admission of any person other than those mentioned in the law (section 69 (2)) remains the discretion of the Returning Officer. If the counting of the votes results in the same number of votes for each candidate in a constituency, a fresh election will be held in that constituency. At the conclusion of the counting of the votes the Returning Officer will declare the result of the poll aloud at the place of counting. Where can I get more information on this Service Please contact the office listed below: The Secretary Independent Electoral Commission Private Bag 00284 Gaborone, Botswana Phone: (+267) 361 2400 Toll free No: 0800 600 710 Fax: (+267) 3900581/3905205/3190889 Website: www.iec.gov.bw , Facebook: IEC Botswana Email: iec_info [at] gov.bw Opening hours: 07:30 to 12:45 and 13:45 to 16:30 Monday to Friday, except weekends and public holidays. Additional information can also be obtained in the Electoral Act. Related Services Voting Facilitation Give Us Feedback Your name Your email address Subject Message Link Footer Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Give Us Feedback enquiries [at] gov.bw () Copyright © 2022. All right reserved. Government of Botswana.