Court Annex Mediation | Government of Botswana Skip to main content GOV.BW Search Main navigation Home Services Agriculture Benefits and Payments Culture, Sports and Tourism Education and Learning Health and Wellness Immigration and Civil Registration Labour and Employment Land, Construction and Housing Law, Crime and Justice Living in Botswana Licensing & Permits Natural Resources and Environment Social Services Trade and Industry Transport and Communications Service Links Administration of Justice Animal Traceability and Identification Independent Electoral commission Laws of Botswana Ministry of Finance and Economic Development Parliament of Botswana Tourism Services Trade and Industry Vehicle License Renewal e-visa e-Services About Government Contact Us Ministries and Agencies Parastatals Publications Local Authorities Land Boards About Botswana About our Country Public Holidays School Terms News & Events Events News Press Releases Contact Us COVID-19 Breadcrumb Home » Court Annex Mediation Court Annex Mediation Overview This is a process where the Registrar/Mediator facilitates parties in attempt to resolve or settle disputes without going to court for Trial. This process is confidential, voluntary and is without prejudice to the parties. Whatever that is discussed during mediation is not binding unless it is agreed and endorsed by both parties. If a dispute is resolved, parties may sign a written agreement stipulating settlement terms. The agreement shall be countersigned by the registrar/mediator and shall be binding on both parties in the same manner as a judgment of the court. The settlement is of equal effect and enforcement as a Judgment. Who is eligible? All parties who have their cases registered with the Industrial Court and are willing to go through this process. Parties upon close of pleadings may request that their case be taken for mediation before being heard in court by the Judge. The case may also proceed to court and through a court order, the allocated Judge may direct back the case for mediation. How do I get this service? Litigants my make a request in writing for the case to be taken for Court Annexed mediation. The court may issue an order directing the case to go for Court Annexed Mediation. What supporting documents are required? The parties need to come prepared with copies of pleadings already filed and or any other additional documents that may assist in settling the matter. How long will this service take? The Registrar/Mediator may attempt to resolve dispute referred for Court Annexed Mediation within 30 days of referral. This period may be extended by agreement of parties so long as the total period agreed may not exceed 3 months. How much does it cost? There is no fee for this service. Where can I get more information on this Service For more information, refer to the Industrial Court Rules or contact the office listed below The Registrar Industrial Court of Botswana Private Bag BR 267 Gaborone, Botswana Phone: (+267) 3900565 Fax: (+267) 3900567 Facebook: Industrial Court of Botswana Opening hours: 07:30 to 12:45 and 13:45 to 16:30 Monday to Friday, except weekends and public holidays. Additional information can also be obtained in the Rules of Court and the Trade disputes Act. Related Forms Notice of Representation_3 (192.31 KB) Give Us Feedback Your name Your email address Subject Message Link Footer Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Give Us Feedback enquiries [at] gov.bw () Copyright © 2022. All right reserved. Government of Botswana.