Court Orders, Judgments & Rulings | Government of Botswana Skip to main content GOV.BW Search Main navigation Home Services Agriculture Benefits and Payments Culture, Sports and Tourism Education and Learning Health and Wellness Immigration and Civil Registration Labour and Employment Land, Construction and Housing Law, Crime and Justice Living in Botswana Licensing & Permits Natural Resources and Environment Social Services Trade and Industry Transport and Communications Service Links Administration of Justice Animal Traceability and Identification Independent Electoral commission Laws of Botswana Ministry of Finance and Economic Development Parliament of Botswana Tourism Services Trade and Industry Vehicle License Renewal e-visa e-Services About Government Contact Us Ministries and Agencies Parastatals Publications Local Authorities Land Boards About Botswana About our Country Public Holidays School Terms News & Events Events News Press Releases Contact Us COVID-19 Breadcrumb Home » Court Orders, Judgments & Rulings Court Orders, Judgments & Rulings Overview A Court Order, Judgment or Ruling is an instruction or direction issued by a Court or Judge requiring a litigant to do or not do something. This document is typed by a court reporter and is normally issued once the matter has been concluded. Who is eligible? Any party to the dispute is entitled to receive a copy of the Court Order, Judgment or Ruling once a decision has been made by the Judge. How do I get this service? After the matter has been concluded, the Court or Judge can immediately or at a later stage pronounce his/her decision which can be in the form of a Court Order, Judgment or Ruling. Litigants will then be issued with a copy. What supporting documents are required? There are no supporting documents required. How long will this service take? A Court Order, Judgment or Ruling can be delivered on the same day, several days or months later depending on the complexity of the matter. How much does it cost? This service is offered for free. Where can I get more information on this Service For more information, please refer to the Rules of Court or contact the office listed below. The Registrar Industrial Court of Botswana Private Bag BR 267 Gaborone, Botswana Phone: (+267) 3900565 Fax: (+267) 3900567 Facebook: Industrial Court of Botswana Email: ic_info [at] gov.bw Opening hours: 07:30 to 12:45 and 13:45 to 16:30 Monday to Friday, except public holidays. Give Us Feedback Your name Your email address Subject Message Link Footer Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Give Us Feedback enquiries [at] gov.bw () Copyright © 2022. All right reserved. Government of Botswana.