Death Registration | Government of Botswana Skip to main content GOV.BW Search Main navigation Home Services Agriculture Benefits and Payments Culture, Sports and Tourism Education and Learning Health and Wellness Immigration and Civil Registration Labour and Employment Land, Construction and Housing Law, Crime and Justice Living in Botswana Licensing & Permits Natural Resources and Environment Social Services Trade and Industry Transport and Communications Service Links Administration of Justice Animal Traceability and Identification Independent Electoral commission Laws of Botswana Ministry of Finance and Economic Development Parliament of Botswana Tourism Services Trade and Industry Vehicle License Renewal e-visa e-Services About Government Contact Us Ministries and Agencies Parastatals Publications Local Authorities Land Boards About Botswana About our Country Public Holidays School Terms News & Events Events News Press Releases Contact Us COVID-19 Breadcrumb Home » Immigration and Civil Registration » Civil Registration » Death Registration Death Registration Overview All deaths that occur in Botswana regardless of nationality must be registered to keep the national registry up to date. A death certificate will be issued upon registration.Deaths should be registered within 30 days of occurrence. Any registration after 30 days is late. Who is eligible? Every death that occurs within the country qualify for this service. How do I get this service? In order to access this service, applicants must follow the following steps. Deaths that occurred in health facilities The applicant (relatives or guardians) should submit a Death Notification tear-off (given by the doctor who certified the death) and identity document for citizens or passports for non- citizens. These should be submitted to the Civil and National Registration Offices (address provided below). Death that occurred outside health institutions, Letter of confirmation of death from Kgosi or local authority. Statement from declarant and certified copy of their valid national identity document. Statements from two witnesses who know of the death and a certified copy of their valid national identity Document. Late registration (after 30 days of occurrence), For deaths that occurred in health facilities, the applicant should submit: Letter of confirmation of death from the hospital or clinic. Statement from declarant and a copy of their valid identity document. Death that occurred outside health institutions Letter of confirmation of death from Kgosi. Statement from declarant and a certified copy of valid identity Document. Statements from two witnesses who know of the death and a certified copy of their valid identity document. Upon successful processing of the application, the death certificate is issued and can only be collected by the next of kin being the mother, father, guardian, spouse or anyone authorized in writing by the family of the deceased. An identity document is required when picking up the death certificate. NB: Late registration applications are referred to a centralized Assessment Committee for review. What supporting documents are required? Valid National identity card (Omang) or passport of applicant. Death Notification tear-off for deaths that occurred in health facilities. Letter of confirmation of death from Kgosi for death that occurred in outside health facilities. Statement from declarant and a certified copy of their valid national identity document. For late registration Letter of confirmation of death from Kgosi. Statement from declarant and a certified copy of valid identity document. Statements from two witnesses who know of the death and a certified copy of their valid identity documents. How long will this service take? On-time registration (within 30 days of occurrence of death) can be completed on the same day. Late registration applications are referred to a centralized Assessment Committee for review and takes two to three weeks until a death certificate is issued. How much does it cost? Where death is registered within 30 days of its occurrence, a certificate is issued for free. Registration submitted after 30 days of death attracts a levy of BWP5.00 for every month of late registration, up to a maximum of BWP100.00. Where can I obtain this service? All Regional and District offices across the country Department of Civil and National Registration Head Office, Block 8, Government Enclave, Khama Crescent, Private Bag 00240, Gaborone, Botswana Tel. (+267) 361 1400 Fax. (+267) 395 9998 Toll Free Number. 0800 600 777 Opening hours: 7:30 to 12:45, and 13:45 to 16:30, Monday to Friday, except public holidays. Give Us Feedback Your name Your email address Subject Message Link Footer Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Give Us Feedback enquiries [at] gov.bw () Copyright © 2022. All right reserved. Government of Botswana.