Destitute Allowance  | Government of Botswana Skip to main content GOV.BW Search Main navigation Home Services Agriculture Benefits and Payments Culture, Sports and Tourism Education and Learning Health and Wellness Immigration and Civil Registration Labour and Employment Land, Construction and Housing Law, Crime and Justice Living in Botswana Licensing & Permits Natural Resources and Environment Social Services Trade and Industry Transport and Communications Service Links Administration of Justice Animal Traceability and Identification Independent Electoral commission Laws of Botswana Ministry of Finance and Economic Development Parliament of Botswana Tourism Services Trade and Industry Vehicle License Renewal e-visa e-Services About Government Contact Us Ministries and Agencies Parastatals Publications Local Authorities Land Boards About Botswana About our Country Public Holidays School Terms News & Events Events News Press Releases Contact Us COVID-19 Breadcrumb Home » Benefits and Payments » allowances » Destitute Allowance Destitute Allowance Overview The government is committed to assuring the well-being of all Batswana, including the less privileged. It is intended for citizens who cannot support themselves financially, once they are assessed as temporarily or permanently destitute. Destitute persons are those whose monthly income does not exceed BWP120.00 (without dependants) or BWP150.00 (with dependants). Who is eligible? Destitute Citizens. How do I get this service? Download and complete the Registration of Beneficiary Form, and submit to the Social and Community Development Officer at the Department of Social Services and Community Development or Botswana Post Office closest to you. This may be done in person by the actual person to be considered as destitute, on or behalf of that person by anyone familiar with the person's situation. The Social and Community Development Officer would capture any additional necessary information at the time of the meeting, and subsequently conduct the necessary research and investigations into the financial situation of the person in question. Once this is completed and a decision is made, the person in question would be contacted and advised of the outcome. What supporting documents are required? Applicants must submit proof of Botswana nationality at the time of application by way of: A certified copy of valid National Identification Card (Omang). Passport. Birth certificate (Dependants) How long will this service take? One (1) month. Where can I get more information on this Service Contact any of the Botswana Post offices or the Department of Social Protection office. Opening hour: - 07:30 to 16:30, Monday to Friday, except public holidays. Ministry of Local Government & Rural Development Department of Social Protection Plot 54357,Varsha,CBD Private Bag 0097 Gaborone Tel. (+267) 397-1916 Fax. (+267) 397-1866 Related Documents Local Authorities Contacts (406.98 KB) Give Us Feedback Your name Your email address Subject Message Link Footer Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Give Us Feedback enquiries [at] gov.bw () Copyright © 2022. All right reserved. Government of Botswana.