Disaster Relief  | Government of Botswana Skip to main content GOV.BW Search Main navigation Home Services Agriculture Benefits and Payments Culture, Sports and Tourism Education and Learning Health and Wellness Immigration and Civil Registration Labour and Employment Land, Construction and Housing Law, Crime and Justice Living in Botswana Licensing & Permits Natural Resources and Environment Social Services Trade and Industry Transport and Communications Service Links Administration of Justice Animal Traceability and Identification Independent Electoral commission Laws of Botswana Ministry of Finance and Economic Development Parliament of Botswana Tourism Services Trade and Industry Vehicle License Renewal e-visa e-Services About Government Contact Us Ministries and Agencies Parastatals Publications Local Authorities Land Boards About Botswana About our Country Public Holidays School Terms News & Events Events News Press Releases Contact Us COVID-19 Breadcrumb Home » Social Services » Disaster Management » Disaster Relief Disaster Relief Overview It enhances response and offers relief to households affected by disasters in the form of loaned tents, mobile toilets, water tanks or any other non-perishable supplies, blankets, clothing and access to medical services. Who is eligible? Citizens and non-citizens. How do I get this service? Report the disaster occurrence to the nearest District Commissioner’s Office within twenty four (24) hours of having experienced the disaster. The District Commissioner will then instruct a Social Worker to conduct a thorough needs assessment on the affected household hence assisted accordingly. What supporting documents are required? A valid National Identity card (Omang). How long will this service take? Five (5) working days. How much does it cost? No cost. Where can I get more information on this Service District Commissioner’s Office Related Forms national-disaster-relief-supply-loan-form.pdf (125.87 KB) Give Us Feedback Your name Your email address Subject Message Link Footer Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Give Us Feedback enquiries [at] gov.bw () Copyright © 2022. All right reserved. Government of Botswana.