Division of Property  | Government of Botswana Skip to main content GOV.BW Search Main navigation Home Services Agriculture Benefits and Payments Culture, Sports and Tourism Education and Learning Health and Wellness Immigration and Civil Registration Labour and Employment Land, Construction and Housing Law, Crime and Justice Living in Botswana Licensing & Permits Natural Resources and Environment Social Services Trade and Industry Transport and Communications Service Links Administration of Justice Animal Traceability and Identification Independent Electoral commission Laws of Botswana Ministry of Finance and Economic Development Parliament of Botswana Tourism Services Trade and Industry Vehicle License Renewal e-visa e-Services About Government Contact Us Ministries and Agencies Parastatals Publications Local Authorities Land Boards About Botswana About our Country Public Holidays School Terms News & Events Events News Press Releases Contact Us COVID-19 Breadcrumb Home » Law, Crime and Justice » tribal or customary courts » Division of Property Division of Property Overview The traditional or customary courts execute division of property, inclusive of matrimonial property. In the case of marriages, this happens once the divorce has been finalised or the marriage has been dissolved (decree nisi). In the case of non-customary marriages, its involvement would be based on referral from the High Court. Please note that the division of property could be amongst any property owners, not just married ones. Who is eligible? Any Botswana citizen can access this service. How do I get this service? Anyone interested in accessing this service must follow the steps outlined below: Take the complaint or court order, where applicable, to the clerk of appointed customary court with the supporting documents. In the absence of a court order, the complaint must be as specific as possible, orally done, giving full details of the defendants including names, addresses, and phone numbers. Clerk sets date and issues summons for appearance by all parties. Appearance could be at the court or other appointed venue. At the appointed date and time, the property would be divided and a ruling would be handed down. The Service Document would be returned to the higher court (High Court or Customary Court of Appeal). What supporting documents are required? Applicants must submit: An order of the High Court (not needed for persons in customary marriages). Valid National Identification (Omang). List of property (in the case of marriages, each party must have list. In all other cases, just the aggrieved party needs a property list). How long will this service take? This varies by case, and in the case of high court referrals, is dependent on the High Court order. How much does it cost? No cost. Where can I get more information on this Service Please contact any of the customary courts, 7:30 to 16:30, Monday to Friday, except public holidays. Give Us Feedback Your name Your email address Subject Message Link Footer Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Give Us Feedback enquiries [at] gov.bw () Copyright © 2022. All right reserved. Government of Botswana.