E-Passport Application | Government of Botswana Skip to main content GOV.BW Search Main navigation Home Services Agriculture Benefits and Payments Culture, Sports and Tourism Education and Learning Health and Wellness Immigration and Civil Registration Labour and Employment Land, Construction and Housing Law, Crime and Justice Living in Botswana Licensing & Permits Natural Resources and Environment Social Services Trade and Industry Transport and Communications Service Links Administration of Justice Animal Traceability and Identification Independent Electoral commission Laws of Botswana Ministry of Finance and Economic Development Parliament of Botswana Tourism Services Trade and Industry Vehicle License Renewal e-visa e-Services About Government Contact Us Ministries and Agencies Parastatals Publications Local Authorities Land Boards About Botswana About our Country Public Holidays School Terms News & Events Events News Press Releases Contact Us COVID-19 Breadcrumb Home » Immigration and Civil Registration » Immigration » E-Passport Application E-Passport Application Overview All Botswana citizens are required to have Botswana passport to travel abroad. Who is eligible? All citizens of Botswana How do I get this service? In order to access this service, applicants must complete the following steps; Fill and submit the Application for Passport Form to any immigration office countrywide (contact information provided below). Submit payment (listed below) along with the application form. In the case of parent(s) or guardian(s) applying for an e-passport for persons aged 16 years or younger, bring the child to the office when submitting the application. Check the outcome of your application from the Office in which the application was made; After five (5) working days (if applied outside Gaborone). Within three (3) working days (if applied in Gaborone). What supporting documents are required? For persons aged sixteen (16) years and above: Original and one (1) certified copy of a National Identity card (Omang) Citizenship certificate of parents and/or applicant if parents were once foreign nationals (seek Clarification from Passport and Citizen Officers). National Identity card details for parent(s) as well as details of parent's place of birth. Old passport (physical copy) and for lost passport bring the police report or affidavit before the commissioner of oath. The forms are collected by the applicant or parent if under sixteen (16) years of age. For children under sixteen (16) years of age: Original and one (1) certified copy of birth certificate Original Omang Card of parent(s). Guardian’s original Omang Card (in case of deceased or missing parents). Death certificate(s) of deceased parent(s) if applicable. Letter from District Commissioner, Chief or Social Worker for proof of guardianship in the case of guardian(s) applying for the child’s e-passport. Old passport of child. Citizenship certificate of parents and/or owner (registration) if parents were once foreign nationals (seek clarification from Passport and Citizen Officers). How long will this service take? The passport takes five (5) working days to process (if applied outside Gaborone). The passport takes three (3) days (if applied within Gaborone). How much does it cost? Children under 14 years: BWP 100.00. Persons over 14 years BWP 260.00 Where can I obtain this service? Departmental HQ. Regional Immigration Offices, District Immigration Offices and Missions Abroad. Department of Immigration and Citizenship Ministry of Nationality, Immigration and Gender Affairs Government Enclave, Block 8, Khama Crescent P. O. Box 942 Gaborone Botswana Tel. (+267) 361 1373/ (+267) 361 1375 Toll Free. 0800 600 777 Opening hours: 7:30 to 12:45, and 13:45 to 16:30, Monday to Friday, except public holidays. holidays. Give Us Feedback Your name Your email address Subject Message Link Footer Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Give Us Feedback enquiries [at] gov.bw () Copyright © 2022. All right reserved. Government of Botswana.