Economic Diversification Drive (EDD) Registration  | Government of Botswana Skip to main content GOV.BW Search Main navigation Home Services Agriculture Benefits and Payments Culture, Sports and Tourism Education and Learning Health and Wellness Immigration and Civil Registration Labour and Employment Land, Construction and Housing Law, Crime and Justice Living in Botswana Licensing & Permits Natural Resources and Environment Social Services Trade and Industry Transport and Communications Service Links Administration of Justice Animal Traceability and Identification Independent Electoral commission Laws of Botswana Ministry of Finance and Economic Development Parliament of Botswana Tourism Services Trade and Industry Vehicle License Renewal e-visa e-Services About Government Contact Us Ministries and Agencies Parastatals Publications Local Authorities Land Boards About Botswana About our Country Public Holidays School Terms News & Events Events News Press Releases Contact Us COVID-19 Breadcrumb Home » Trade and Industry » Doing Business » Economic Diversification Drive (EDD) Registration Economic Diversification Drive (EDD) Registration Overview Implementation of the Economic Diversification Drive (EDD) Short-term Strategy and the EDD Medium to Long-term Strategy is designed to coordinate all efforts aimed at diversifying the country’s sources of economic growth and income in such a way that the country becomes more or less equally dependent on all sectors of the economy. In that regard all Central Government, Local Authorities and Parastatal Organizations are required to purchase locally manufactured products and services. Therefore eligible enterprises must register for the Economic Diversification Drive (EDD) initiative to benefit from tenders from these institutions/organizations. Who is eligible? Enterprises registered in Botswana and in operation engaged in manufacturing, service provision (excluding agents/ distributors/retailers/resellers/ suppliers and works/construction) and agricultural production. How do I get this service? Pay application fee at MTI offices. Visit/click on the following link EDD Application Form. Fill in all the required fields/details in the application form and submit. The office will contact you with further details regarding the application. If approved, pay issuance fee and collect EDD Certificate. What supporting documents are required? Proof of payment of application fee. Copy of the certificate of registration and / or incorporation certificate. Most recent financial statements (balance sheet and income statement). Audited financial statements, for those enterprises with an annual turnover of P500 000 and above. Projected financial statements for enterprises that have been operating for less than a year Certified copy of current valid relevant license or registration certificate from a competent authority, (for manufacturing/industrial/trade license/registration certificate, attach the copy of the receipt for annual fee). Unregulated activities must attach a printout of relevant PPADB codes. Copy of valid Tax Clearance Certificate and/ VAT registration. Affidavit confirming that the enterprise is operational, when it started operations, location of operation and products/services currently produced/ offered. How long will this service take? Ten (10) working days. How much does it cost? P50.00 non-refundable application fee. P500.00 issuance fee. Where can I obtain this service? Department of Industrial Affairs Ministry of Trade and Industry Plot 54380,First Floor, Central Business District, Gaborone Private Bag 0014 Gaborone Tel: 3957406/3995200 Fax: 3972910 Where can I get more information on this Service Ministry of Trade and Industry Private Bag 004 Gaborone Botswana Plot 54380, Central Business District Tel. (+267) 3601200 Fax. (+267) 3971539 Email. mitipru [at] gov.bw Related Forms Economic Diversification Drive (EDD) Registration Application Form (539.88 KB) Give Us Feedback Your name Your email address Subject Message Link Footer Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Give Us Feedback enquiries [at] gov.bw () Copyright © 2022. All right reserved. Government of Botswana.