Emergency Medical Services (Ambulance Services) | Government of Botswana Skip to main content GOV.BW Search Main navigation Home Services Agriculture Benefits and Payments Culture, Sports and Tourism Education and Learning Health and Wellness Immigration and Civil Registration Labour and Employment Land, Construction and Housing Law, Crime and Justice Living in Botswana Licensing & Permits Natural Resources and Environment Social Services Trade and Industry Transport and Communications Service Links Administration of Justice Animal Traceability and Identification Independent Electoral commission Laws of Botswana Ministry of Finance and Economic Development Parliament of Botswana Tourism Services Trade and Industry Vehicle License Renewal e-visa e-Services About Government Contact Us Ministries and Agencies Parastatals Publications Local Authorities Land Boards About Botswana About our Country Public Holidays School Terms News & Events Events News Press Releases Contact Us COVID-19 Breadcrumb Home » Health and Wellness » Public Health Services » Emergency Medical Services (Ambulance Services) Emergency Medical Services (Ambulance Services) Overview This service includes the treatment and transportation of “emergency” patients who are acutely ill or who have sustained injuries. Emergency services is dedicated to providing out of hospital, intra-hospital and inter-hospital treatment. An “emergency” is an incident where a person experiences a life threatening or potentially life-threatening situation resulting from illness or accident which require urgent treatment and transport to a medical facility. Who is eligible? Citizens and non-citizens residing in Gaborone, Mochudi, Lobatse, Mahalapye, Palapye, Phikwe, Francistown, Maun and Kasane. How do I get this service? Dial 997 and provide the following information: Location of the patient (street address, landmark) What happened? What caused the injury? The number of patients Your call back number In addition to the above steps, please take note of the following roles you may play in an Emergency situation Please do not crowd emergency scenes to allow the health care workers to execute their work Do not use the emergency line for prank and non-emergency calls Give way to an ambulance with light (and or sirens on) Please only call when you have emergencies Please cooperate with the dispatcher Please listen to the dispatcher’s advice on how to give first aid while waiting Keep Calm What supporting documents are required? A valid National Identity card (Omang). Passport for non-citizens How long will this service take? A minimum of 10 minutes How much does it cost? No cost Where can I obtain this service? The service is available in the following places: Gaborone, Mochudi, Lobatse, Mahalapye, Palapye, Phikwe, Francistown, Maun and Kasane. Where can I get more information on this Service Ministry of Health and Wellness Department of Health Services Management Emergency Medical Services Tel. 997 Opening Hours: 24 hours, Monday to Sunday including public holidays. Related Services Emergency assistance Give Us Feedback Your name Your email address Subject Message Link Footer Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Give Us Feedback enquiries [at] gov.bw () Copyright © 2022. All right reserved. Government of Botswana.