Emergency assistance | Government of Botswana Skip to main content GOV.BW Search Main navigation Home Services Agriculture Benefits and Payments Culture, Sports and Tourism Education and Learning Health and Wellness Immigration and Civil Registration Labour and Employment Land, Construction and Housing Law, Crime and Justice Living in Botswana Licensing & Permits Natural Resources and Environment Social Services Trade and Industry Transport and Communications Service Links Administration of Justice Animal Traceability and Identification Independent Electoral commission Laws of Botswana Ministry of Finance and Economic Development Parliament of Botswana Tourism Services Trade and Industry Vehicle License Renewal e-visa e-Services About Government Contact Us Ministries and Agencies Parastatals Publications Local Authorities Land Boards About Botswana About our Country Public Holidays School Terms News & Events Events News Press Releases Contact Us COVID-19 Breadcrumb Home » Immigration and Civil Registration » Immigration » Emergency assistance Emergency assistance Overview Provision of support services to Batswana abroad who are in distress. This includes facilitating contact with their families and friends. Who is eligible? Citizens of Botswana. Foreign national with permanent residency (under special circumstances). Foreign nationals with valid work permit (under special circumstances). How do I get this service? Contact the nearest Botswana Embassy, High Commission or Honorary Consul and request to speak with the Consular Officer. Explain your situation and give contact details of family or friends. In a case where Botswana does not have an Embassy or High Commission in that country the Office of the Honorary Consul of Botswana in that region may be approached to assist. What supporting documents are required? National Identification card (Omang) Permanent Residency permit Valid Work permit Valid passport How long will this service take? Immediate but dependent on proximity of the nearest Botswana Mission. How much does it cost? The cost is dependent on the situation: In-service trainees and students will be transported at the cost of Government. In rescue situations, where flights are possible, nationals will need to arrange for relatives and friends to provide air fares. Where can I get more information on this Service Ministry Head Quarters, or the nearest Botswana Embassy, High Commission or Honorary Consul. (link to page listing Missions and their contact numbers) Ministry of International Affairs and Cooperation Private Bag 00368 Gaborone Botswana Government Enclave Tel. (+267) 3600700 Fax. (+267) 3973067 Email. miacprotocol [at] gov.bw Tel: (+267) 3600744 Fax: (+267) 3974516 Cellular phone: (+267) 72 376 603 Opening hours: 07:30 to 12:45 and 13:45 to 16:30, Monday to Friday, except public holidays Related Services Emergency assistance Registration of Batswana living and travelling abroad Give Us Feedback Your name Your email address Subject Message Link Footer Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Give Us Feedback enquiries [at] gov.bw () Copyright © 2022. All right reserved. Government of Botswana.