Environmental Research Permit | Government of Botswana Skip to main content GOV.BW Search Main navigation Home Services Agriculture Benefits and Payments Culture, Sports and Tourism Education and Learning Health and Wellness Immigration and Civil Registration Labour and Employment Land, Construction and Housing Law, Crime and Justice Living in Botswana Licensing & Permits Natural Resources and Environment Social Services Trade and Industry Transport and Communications Service Links Administration of Justice Animal Traceability and Identification Independent Electoral commission Laws of Botswana Ministry of Finance and Economic Development Parliament of Botswana Tourism Services Trade and Industry Vehicle License Renewal e-visa e-Services About Government Contact Us Ministries and Agencies Parastatals Publications Local Authorities Land Boards About Botswana About our Country Public Holidays School Terms News & Events Events News Press Releases Contact Us COVID-19 Breadcrumb Home » Licensing and Permits » Natural Resources and Environment » Environmental Research Permit Environmental Research Permit Overview The permit is acquired by institutions or individuals who wish to conduct research in protected areas. Who is eligible? Citizen and non-citizen above 18 years old How do I get this service? Download, complete and submit Research Application form together with supporting documents If the application is approved, a Memorandum of Agreement (MoA) will be sent to the prospective researcher for signing Upon receipt of the signed MoA, the Research Permit will be issued What supporting documents are required? Citizen-certified copies of national identity document Non-citizen - valid copy of passports Detailed research proposal and up-to-date curriculum vitae How long will this service take? Forty (40) - forty five (45) working days How much does it cost? Citizens: BWP 250.00 Residents: BWP500.00 Non Residents: BWP 1000.00 Where can I obtain this service? Research and Development Unit Government Enclave Plot 13064 Fax: 3165362 Email: dwnp [at] gov.bw Where can I get more information on this Service Research and Development Unit Government Enclave Plot 13064 Fax: 3165362 Email: mentpermits [at] gov.bw Opening Hours : 07:30hours to 12:45hours and 13:45hours to 16:30hours Monday to Friday except public holidays. Related Forms Application for Research Permit Form (103.64 KB) Related Documents Research Guidelines 2019 (829.57 KB) Give Us Feedback Your name Your email address Subject Message Link Footer Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Give Us Feedback enquiries [at] gov.bw () Copyright © 2022. All right reserved. Government of Botswana.