Establishment of Polling Districts | Government of Botswana Skip to main content GOV.BW Search Main navigation Home Services Agriculture Benefits and Payments Culture, Sports and Tourism Education and Learning Health and Wellness Immigration and Civil Registration Labour and Employment Land, Construction and Housing Law, Crime and Justice Living in Botswana Licensing & Permits Natural Resources and Environment Social Services Trade and Industry Transport and Communications Service Links Administration of Justice Animal Traceability and Identification Independent Electoral commission Laws of Botswana Ministry of Finance and Economic Development Parliament of Botswana Tourism Services Trade and Industry Vehicle License Renewal e-visa e-Services About Government Contact Us Ministries and Agencies Parastatals Publications Local Authorities Land Boards About Botswana About our Country Public Holidays School Terms News & Events Events News Press Releases Contact Us COVID-19 Breadcrumb Home » Living in Botswana » Voting » Establishment of Polling Districts Establishment of Polling Districts Overview As soon as constituencies have been delimited by the Delimitation Commission, the Independent Electoral Commission (IEC) divides each constituency into polling districts in consultation with and involvement of stakeholders comprising traditional leadership, local authorities, civil society and the general public. This exercise is carried out in collaboration with these primary stakeholders to provide accessibility of polling areas to the voting public. Following the determination of polling districts, polling stations are identified in each district. The names of established polling districts and identified polling stations are published in the Gazette and such other manner as the IEC may consider appropriate. The IEC may from time to time add to the number of polling stations established in any polling district or vary a situation within a polling district of any polling station established therein. Polling stations outside the country are established at all Botswana Embassies and consular missions and at other such places the IEC may consider necessary. Where can I get more information on this Service Please contact the office listed below: The Secretary Independent Electoral Commission Private Bag 00284 Gaborone, Botswana Phone: (+267) 361 2400 Toll free No: 0800 600 710 Fax: (+267) 3900581/3905205/3190889 Website: www.iec.gov.bw , Facebook: IEC Botswana Email: iec_info [at] gov.bw Opening hours: 07:30 to 12:45 and 13:45 to 16:30 Monday to Friday, except public holidays. Additional information can also be obtained in the Electoral Act. Give Us Feedback Your name Your email address Subject Message Link Footer Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Give Us Feedback enquiries [at] gov.bw () Copyright © 2022. All right reserved. Government of Botswana.