Extension of days of visit | Government of Botswana Skip to main content GOV.BW Search Main navigation Home Services Agriculture Benefits and Payments Culture, Sports and Tourism Education and Learning Health and Wellness Immigration and Civil Registration Labour and Employment Land, Construction and Housing Law, Crime and Justice Living in Botswana Licensing & Permits Natural Resources and Environment Social Services Trade and Industry Transport and Communications Service Links Administration of Justice Animal Traceability and Identification Independent Electoral commission Laws of Botswana Ministry of Finance and Economic Development Parliament of Botswana Tourism Services Trade and Industry Vehicle License Renewal e-visa e-Services About Government Contact Us Ministries and Agencies Parastatals Publications Local Authorities Land Boards About Botswana About our Country Public Holidays School Terms News & Events Events News Press Releases Contact Us COVID-19 Breadcrumb Home » Immigration and Civil Registration » Immigration » Extension of days of visit Extension of days of visit Overview Foreign nationals are allowed to stay in Botswana for a period of 90 days without applying for a residence or work permit. If visitors want to stay in Botswana for longer than 90 days, they will have to apply for an extension to stay beyond the validity period. Who is eligible? Visitors who have exhausted their 90 days period of visit in Botswana and wish to extend their stay qualify for this service. How do I get this service? In order to access this service, applicants must complete the following steps. Justification letter requesting for extension of days You will be issued with an Extension of days sticker if your application is successful You will be required to leave the country if your application has been rejected. What supporting documents are required? Letter of support from host in Botswana. Covering letter from the applicant indicating the reasons for extension of days. One coloured passport size photo. Certified copy of valid applicant’s passport information page. Two certified copies of valid passport pages showing movement (stamps of entering countries). Certified copy of Host’s Residence or Exemption Certificate Permit or Certified copies of valid national identity card (Omang). How long will this service take? The service takes three days to complete. The applicant should submit this application before the 90 days period lapses. How much does it cost? The costs for this service are BWP500.00 Where can I obtain this service? Departmental HQ, Regional Immigration Offices and District Immigration Offices. Department of Immigration and Citizenship Ministry of Nationality, Immigration and Gender Affairs Government Enclave, Block 8, Khama Crescent P. O. Box 942 Gaborone Botswana Tel. (+267) 361 1300 Toll Free. 0800 600 777 Opening hours: 7:30 to 12:45, and 13:45 to 16:30, Monday to Friday, except public holidays. Give Us Feedback Your name Your email address Subject Message Link Footer Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Give Us Feedback enquiries [at] gov.bw () Copyright © 2022. All right reserved. Government of Botswana.