Facilitation of Arrival of New Diplomats | Government of Botswana Skip to main content GOV.BW Search Main navigation Home Services Agriculture Benefits and Payments Culture, Sports and Tourism Education and Learning Health and Wellness Immigration and Civil Registration Labour and Employment Land, Construction and Housing Law, Crime and Justice Living in Botswana Licensing & Permits Natural Resources and Environment Social Services Trade and Industry Transport and Communications Service Links Administration of Justice Animal Traceability and Identification Independent Electoral commission Laws of Botswana Ministry of Finance and Economic Development Parliament of Botswana Tourism Services Trade and Industry Vehicle License Renewal e-visa e-Services About Government Contact Us Ministries and Agencies Parastatals Publications Local Authorities Land Boards About Botswana About our Country Public Holidays School Terms News & Events Events News Press Releases Contact Us COVID-19 Breadcrumb Home » Immigration and Civil Registration » Immigration » Facilitation of Arrival of New Diplomats Facilitation of Arrival of New Diplomats Overview The Department of Protocol and Consular Services in the Ministry of International Affairs and Cooperation (MIAC) facilitates the accreditation of all members of the Diplomatic community, which include Diplomatic Missions and International Organisations, to enable them to carry out their mandate in Botswana. Who is eligible? All members of the Diplomatic Community, which include Diplomatic Missions and International Organisations. How do I get this service? Step 1: Notification of the Department Diplomatic missions and international organizations are required to notify the Department of Protocol and Consular Services of any new arrivals and departures of all Diplomatic agents as well as their families and private servants through a Note Verbale accompanied by a Diplomat Notification Form. Step 2: Application for Diplomatic Identity Card A Note Verbale accompanied by an application form EA 40/10 C1 should be submitted to the Department of Protocol and Consular Services, with 2 colored passport size photos. Step 3: Application for Exemption Certificates/ Residence Permits Family members that include spouses and children under the age of 18 are issued with Exemption Certificates/ Residence Permits. In addition to a Note Verbale, a completed application Form3A and Form 15 respectively, copy of passport and two passport sized photographs should be attached. The application for an Exemption Certificate for spouses and children below 18 years of age shall also be accompanied by a copy of a marriage certificate, adoption and birth certificate. What supporting documents are required? Note Verbale from relevant Diplomatic Mission or International organisation informing of arrival of new Diplomat, and departure of existing Diplomat. Copy of passport, marriage certificate, adoption or birth certificate How long will this service take? 2 working days. How much does it cost? No cost. Where can I get more information on this Service Ministry of International Affairs and Cooperation Private Bag 00368 Gaborone Botswana Government Enclave Tel. (+267) 3600700 Fax. (+267) 3973067 Email. miacprotocol [at] gov.bw () Tel. (+267) 3600744 Fax. (+267) 3974516 Related Forms DIPLOMAT NOTIFICATION FORM (44.69 KB) Related Documents Vienna Convention on Diplomatic Relations 1961 Form (271.43 KB) Vienna Convention on Consular Relations 1961 Form (469.16 KB) DIPLOMATIC IMMUNITIES AND PRIVILEGES FORM (5.7 KB) Give Us Feedback Your name Your email address Subject Message Link Footer Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Give Us Feedback enquiries [at] gov.bw () Copyright © 2022. All right reserved. Government of Botswana.