Facilitation of Visa Applications for Public Officers on Official Travel | Government of Botswana Skip to main content GOV.BW Search Main navigation Home Services Agriculture Benefits and Payments Culture, Sports and Tourism Education and Learning Health and Wellness Immigration and Civil Registration Labour and Employment Land, Construction and Housing Law, Crime and Justice Living in Botswana Licensing & Permits Natural Resources and Environment Social Services Trade and Industry Transport and Communications Service Links Administration of Justice Animal Traceability and Identification Independent Electoral commission Laws of Botswana Ministry of Finance and Economic Development Parliament of Botswana Tourism Services Trade and Industry Vehicle License Renewal e-visa e-Services About Government Contact Us Ministries and Agencies Parastatals Publications Local Authorities Land Boards About Botswana About our Country Public Holidays School Terms News & Events Events News Press Releases Contact Us COVID-19 Breadcrumb Home » Immigration and Civil Registration » visa applications » Facilitation of Visa Applications for Public Officers on Official Travel Facilitation of Visa Applications for Public Officers on Official Travel Overview The Department of Protocol and Consular Services in the Ministry of International Affairs and Cooperation provides assistance to Public Officers travelling abroad on official duties. Who is eligible? All Public Officers travelling on official duties. How do I get this service? Submit request in the form of Savingram for Visa facilitation to the Department of Protocol and Consular Services. Officers from parastatals are required to route their requests through parent Ministries for issuance of Savingram addressed to the Ministry of International Affairs and Cooperation. What supporting documents are required? Savingram from the sending Ministry specifying: Full names of officer/s Designation Invitation letter Purpose of travel Destination Itinerary/ dates of travel Travel/Medical insurance How long will this service take? 2 days. How much does it cost? No charges. Where can I get more information on this Service Department of Protocol and Consular Services Ministry of International Affairs and Cooperation Private Bag 00368 Gaborone Botswana Government Enclave Tel. (+267) 3600700 / (+267) 3600744 Fax. (+267) 3973067 / (+267) 3974516 Email. miacprotocol [at] gov.bw Give Us Feedback Your name Your email address Subject Message Link Footer Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Give Us Feedback enquiries [at] gov.bw () Copyright © 2022. All right reserved. Government of Botswana.