Fish farming (Aquaculture) support  | Government of Botswana Skip to main content GOV.BW Search Main navigation Home Services Agriculture Benefits and Payments Culture, Sports and Tourism Education and Learning Health and Wellness Immigration and Civil Registration Labour and Employment Land, Construction and Housing Law, Crime and Justice Living in Botswana Licensing & Permits Natural Resources and Environment Social Services Trade and Industry Transport and Communications Service Links Administration of Justice Animal Traceability and Identification Independent Electoral commission Laws of Botswana Ministry of Finance and Economic Development Parliament of Botswana Tourism Services Trade and Industry Vehicle License Renewal e-visa e-Services About Government Contact Us Ministries and Agencies Parastatals Publications Local Authorities Land Boards About Botswana About our Country Public Holidays School Terms News & Events Events News Press Releases Contact Us COVID-19 Breadcrumb Home » Agriculture » Advisory Role » Fish farming (Aquaculture) support Fish farming (Aquaculture) support Overview This service provides fish farmers with technical information regarding fish farming and aquaculture. General information on fish farming that entail fingerling production, fish production systems, site assessments, feeds, culture species are provided. Aquaculture pamphlets and extension manuals are availed to the clients. Who is eligible? Citizens Individual farmers Associations Registered companies How do I get this service? Visit the nearest District Animal Production Office What supporting documents are required? No supporting documents How long will this service take? 30 minutes. However this depends on the amount of support required by the farmer How much does it cost? It is free Where can I get more information on this Service Department of Animal Production Private Bag 0032 Plot 4071, Mmaraka Road Gaborone Botswana Tel. (+267 3689625/9022/9225 Fax. (+267) 3951120 Call Centre: Tel. 17755 Email. moa17755 [at] gov.bw ( ) Opening hours are from 07:30 to 12:45 then 13:45 to 16:30, Monday to Friday, except on public holidays. Related Documents Considerations before Investing in Fish Farming_0.pdf (5.55 MB) Fisheries booklet-Development of Aquaculture in Botswana.pdf (4.79 MB) Give Us Feedback Your name Your email address Subject Message Link Footer Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Give Us Feedback enquiries [at] gov.bw () Copyright © 2022. All right reserved. Government of Botswana.