Gender Equality | Government of Botswana Skip to main content GOV.BW Search Main navigation Home Services Agriculture Benefits and Payments Culture, Sports and Tourism Education and Learning Health and Wellness Immigration and Civil Registration Labour and Employment Land, Construction and Housing Law, Crime and Justice Living in Botswana Licensing & Permits Natural Resources and Environment Social Services Trade and Industry Transport and Communications Service Links Administration of Justice Animal Traceability and Identification Independent Electoral commission Laws of Botswana Ministry of Finance and Economic Development Parliament of Botswana Tourism Services Trade and Industry Vehicle License Renewal e-visa e-Services About Government Contact Us Ministries and Agencies Parastatals Publications Local Authorities Land Boards About Botswana About our Country Public Holidays School Terms News & Events Events News Press Releases Contact Us COVID-19 Breadcrumb Home » Immigration and Civil Registration » Civil Registration » Gender Equality Gender Equality Overview Women generally carry heavier economic and social burdens then men when it comes to HIV/AIDS. Due to historical and cultural factors, women tend to be the caregivers for both the sick and those who have been orphaned by the epidemic. Additionally, women who are living with HIV/AIDS often suffer two types of discrimination. First, there is discrimination based on their gender, and second, there is discrimination based on them being a Person Living with HIV/AIDS (PLWHA). Thus, the issue of gender equality deserves special attention. Gender inequality, no doubt, leads to the spread of HIV/AIDS because it both reduces a woman’s control over her life, and increases her vulnerability to HIV infection [UNDP Bots Report, p.14]. Thus, systemic gender inequality is a major factor in the spread of HIV/AIDS. The right to gender equality means that all forms of discrimination based on gender should be prohibited. In the context of HIV/AIDS, it means the following: Access to health care. Equality before the law. Modification of cultural and traditional practices that disadvantage women. Concrete measures should be taken to ensure the respect of women’s autonomy regarding issues such as control of both sexuality and sexual activity. Where can I get more information on this Service Ministry of Nationality, Immigration and Gender Affairs Gender Affairs Department P.O. Box 00107 Gaborone Botswana Block 8, Government Enclave, Khama Crescent Tel. (+267) 3912290 Fax. (+267) 3911944 Opening hours: 7:30 to 12:45, and 13: 45 to 16:30, Monday to Friday, except holidays. Give Us Feedback Your name Your email address Subject Message Link Footer Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Give Us Feedback enquiries [at] gov.bw () Copyright © 2022. All right reserved. Government of Botswana.