Gender Disaggregated Data | Government of Botswana Skip to main content GOV.BW Search Main navigation Home Services Agriculture Benefits and Payments Culture, Sports and Tourism Education and Learning Health and Wellness Immigration and Civil Registration Labour and Employment Land, Construction and Housing Law, Crime and Justice Living in Botswana Licensing & Permits Natural Resources and Environment Social Services Trade and Industry Transport and Communications Service Links Administration of Justice Animal Traceability and Identification Independent Electoral commission Laws of Botswana Ministry of Finance and Economic Development Parliament of Botswana Tourism Services Trade and Industry Vehicle License Renewal e-visa e-Services About Government Contact Us Ministries and Agencies Parastatals Publications Local Authorities Land Boards About Botswana About our Country Public Holidays School Terms News & Events Events News Press Releases Contact Us COVID-19 Breadcrumb Home » Immigration and Civil Registration » Civil Registration » Gender Disaggregated Data Gender Disaggregated Data Overview In Botswana, women are overrepresented in both the general population and the working poor. A higher proportion of female-headed households are “poor” or “very poor” than male-headed households, with rates of 50 percent and 44 percent, respectively. In 2008, women occupied 37 percent of public service positions involving decisions, which was an improvement from the 2002 Gender Disaggregated Data Report that identified that only 30 percent of the civil service decision makes were female. Since the public and private sector are connected, a lack of advancement of women in the public sector indicates a lack of advancement of women in the private sector as well. It could be concluded that the male domination of decision-making positions in Botswana is a hindrance to the advancement of women. It could further be concluded that national decisions are made with minimal influence from women. Since women constitute most of the Botswana population, a situation similar in other Southern African Development Community (SADC) countries, this means that national decisions are made by a segment that represents less than half of the country’s population. Botswana is a signatory to several declarations that commit the country to placing women into decision-making positions. This desired percentage representation of women into decision-making positions could be achieved through reshuffling current positions such that women are posted into said positions. This would make an impact that would eventually facilitate a change towards achieving gender equality. Where can I get more information on this Service Ministry of Nationality, Immigration and Gender Affairs Gender Affairs Department PO Box 00107 Gaborone Botswana Block 8, Government Enclave, Khama Crescent Tel. (+267) 3912290 Fax. (+267) 3911944 Opening Hours: 7:30 to 12:45 and 13:45 to 16:30, Monday to Friday, except holidays. Information Incomplete Give Us Feedback Your name Your email address Subject Message Link Footer Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Give Us Feedback enquiries [at] gov.bw () Copyright © 2022. All right reserved. Government of Botswana.