Group Fencing Application Through ISPAAD  | Government of Botswana Skip to main content GOV.BW Search Main navigation Home Services Agriculture Benefits and Payments Culture, Sports and Tourism Education and Learning Health and Wellness Immigration and Civil Registration Labour and Employment Land, Construction and Housing Law, Crime and Justice Living in Botswana Licensing & Permits Natural Resources and Environment Social Services Trade and Industry Transport and Communications Service Links Administration of Justice Animal Traceability and Identification Independent Electoral commission Laws of Botswana Ministry of Finance and Economic Development Parliament of Botswana Tourism Services Trade and Industry Vehicle License Renewal e-visa e-Services About Government Contact Us Ministries and Agencies Parastatals Publications Local Authorities Land Boards About Botswana About our Country Public Holidays School Terms News & Events Events News Press Releases Contact Us COVID-19 Breadcrumb Home » Benefits and Payments » Subsidies » Group Fencing Application Through ISPAAD Group Fencing Application Through ISPAAD Overview A group of farmers who do not qualify for cluster fencing in terms of minimum area requirement of 150 hectares (Ha) can apply for assistance in the form of a 50% subsidy on the cost of fencing material only up to a maximum of BWP 200, 000.00 to construct an enclosure fence. This assistance is provided through Integrated Support Programme for Arable Agriculture Development (ISPAAD). Who is eligible? Citizens and non-citizens aged 18 years and above A group should have minimum membership of two persons who have arable land in proximity. The group shall have a working constitution. Applicants should have access to their own fields (proof of ownership or leasehold). In case of leasehold, the lease period should not be less than 50 years. How do I get this service? Submit the relevant supporting documents to the District Crop Production Office. The Extension Officer shall calculate the field perimeter and prepare the Bill of Quantities for fencing materials. The farmer shall be given the Bill of Quantities to go and request five quotations. The Extension Officer will then complete the ISPAAD 50% Subsidy for Fencing Material Application Form. Extension Officer shall submit the application along with supporting documents to Sub District Crop Production Officer (SDCPO) for processing. SDCPO shall inform the farmer about whether the application has been approved or not by letter. If approved the farmer must pay the supplier 50% of the total cost of the material and the Government pays the other 50 %. The farmer shall then collect the material from the supplier. What supporting documents are required? A Certified copy of valid National Identity Card (Omang). Landboard Certificate, lease or title deed. Documented proof of a working constitution How long will this service take? Two (2) months. How much does it cost? 50% government subsidy and 50% paid by farmer. Where can I get more information on this Service ISPAAD Coordinator Department of Crop Production Ministry of Agricultural Development and Food Security Headquarters Plot 4701 Mmaraka Road 3rd Floor, Office No. 301 Private Bag 00435 Gaborone Botswana Tel. (+267) 3689305 E-mail. dcp [at] gov.bw Call Centre: Tel.17755 Email.moa17755 [at] gov.bw Opening hours: 07:30 to 12:45 then 13:45 to 16:30, Monday to Friday except, public holidays. ISPAAD Guidelines Revised May 2013 Related Documents ISPAAD Guidelines Revised May 2013 (2.93 MB) Guidelines For Special Assistance To Kgalagadi District And Areas With Similar Agro-Climatic Conditions (3.38 MB) District Crop Production Offices (278.2 KB) Give Us Feedback Your name Your email address Subject Message Link Footer Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Give Us Feedback enquiries [at] gov.bw () Copyright © 2022. All right reserved. Government of Botswana.