Guinea Fowl Farming Permit | Government of Botswana Skip to main content GOV.BW Search Main navigation Home Services Agriculture Benefits and Payments Culture, Sports and Tourism Education and Learning Health and Wellness Immigration and Civil Registration Labour and Employment Land, Construction and Housing Law, Crime and Justice Living in Botswana Licensing & Permits Natural Resources and Environment Social Services Trade and Industry Transport and Communications Service Links Administration of Justice Animal Traceability and Identification Independent Electoral commission Laws of Botswana Ministry of Finance and Economic Development Parliament of Botswana Tourism Services Trade and Industry Vehicle License Renewal e-visa e-Services About Government Contact Us Ministries and Agencies Parastatals Publications Local Authorities Land Boards About Botswana About our Country Public Holidays School Terms News & Events Events News Press Releases Contact Us COVID-19 Breadcrumb Home » Licensing and Permits » Animals and plants » Guinea Fowl Farming Permit Guinea Fowl Farming Permit Overview The service is for those who want to farm or breed Guinea Fowl within Botswana. This service is closely monitored by the Department of Wildlife and National Parks. Who is eligible? Citizens and non -citizens who are eighteen (18) years of age and above How do I get this service? Download, complete and submit the Guinea Fowl Farming Application Form together with supporting documentation in person You will be contacted for an inspection of the “pen” (where the guinea fowl will be housed) as per the guinea fowl structure guidelines A permit will be issued to you by surface mail, email or collected in person should all aspects of the application process be satisfactory What supporting documents are required? Certified copy of Title Deed, Lease Agreement Form or Plot Certificate A certified copy of a valid National Identity Card (Omang) A certified copy of Passport for Non-Citizens Letter of consent and certified copy of identity card from landlord (if land is leased) Guinea fowl structure or the pen (where the guinea fowl will be housed) How long will this service take? Three (3) working days How much does it cost? No cost Where can I get more information on this Service Department of Wildlife and National Parks Plot 50380 Moedi House, Fairgrounds Gaborone Botswana Tel. (+267) 3971405 Fax. (+267) 3180775 Email: dwnp [at] gov.bw Opening Hours: 07:30 to 12:45 and 12:45 to 16:30, Monday to Friday, except on Public Holidays. Related Forms Guinea Fowl Farming Application Form (123.58 KB) Related Documents Standard guinea-fowl structure requirement (328.47 KB) Give Us Feedback Your name Your email address Subject Message Link Footer Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Give Us Feedback enquiries [at] gov.bw () Copyright © 2022. All right reserved. Government of Botswana.