Identified Possible Business Opportunities | Government of Botswana Skip to main content GOV.BW Search Main navigation Home Services Agriculture Benefits and Payments Culture, Sports and Tourism Education and Learning Health and Wellness Immigration and Civil Registration Labour and Employment Land, Construction and Housing Law, Crime and Justice Living in Botswana Licensing & Permits Natural Resources and Environment Social Services Trade and Industry Transport and Communications Service Links Administration of Justice Animal Traceability and Identification Independent Electoral commission Laws of Botswana Ministry of Finance and Economic Development Parliament of Botswana Tourism Services Trade and Industry Vehicle License Renewal e-visa e-Services About Government Contact Us Ministries and Agencies Parastatals Publications Local Authorities Land Boards About Botswana About our Country Public Holidays School Terms News & Events Events News Press Releases Contact Us COVID-19 Breadcrumb Home » Trade and Industry » Doing Business » Identified Possible Business Opportunities Identified Possible Business Opportunities Overview Government has in its endeavor to stimulate economic diversification and growth, directed all Procuring Entities and the Private Sector to procure locally made goods, services and agricultural produce. Analysis of Ministries’ monthly procurement reports and the import bill is undertaken continuously to identify business opportunities therein. On the basis of the aforementioned, the following are business opportunities that have been identified for local businesses to venture into: SECTOR PRODUCTS/SERVICES Agricultural Production Livestock (dairy cows), Poultry. Fruits and Vegetables (onions, tomatoes, cabbage, spinach, rape, green pepper, etc.) Grains (maize, sorghum, millet, beans, etc.), Sunflower Flowers Stock Feeds (poultry, cattle, ostrich, pig, etc.). Agro Processing (Dairy, Horticulture, etc.) and beverages Infant formula, milk (raw/pasteurized/UHT), cheese, yoghurt and butter, etc. Bakery products and confectionery (i.e. biscuits) Cooking oil, tomato sauce, mayonnaise, jam, peanut butter, common salt/table salt Bottled water Minerals Beneficiation of diamond, coal, soda ash and other minerals. Construction/building materials and hardware Pre-cast concrete products, Bricks, ceiling, cement, ceramic tiles, roof tiles, roofing sheets, roofing nails, timber, plastic and metal pipes (e.g. pvc pipes), window frames, fencing wire mesh, metal fabrication, bitumen, etc. Sanitary ware (urinals, bathtubs, etc.) Stationery Envelopes, exercise books, minute books, note pads, printing papers etc. Pens, pencils, staplers, punchers, rulers, etc. Chemicals Cleaning chemicals (blood stain removers, dishwashing liquids, floor polish, multipurpose cleaning liquids, washing powders, bath soaps, shower gels, etc.) Cosmetics Deodorants Body creams and lotions Candles Pharmaceuticals and medical equipment Pharmaceutical products (Drugs or medicines) Veterinary requisites-medicines/drugs, etc. Medical Equipment, accessories and consumables – Linen, beds, X-Rays, ultra sound, scanners, Needles, syringes, surgical gloves, condoms, bandages, plasters, etc. ICT Products Computer and accessories Cellular phones and accessories Paper Products Toilet paper, serviettes, paper towels, etc. Textile & Clothing Garments (suits, t-shirts, jerseys, sportswear, etc.), Bedding, Bath Towels Arts & Crafts Artifacts, pottery, historical drawings/paintings, etc. Leather and leather products Footwear, jackets, hand bags, wallets, belts, etc. Recycled materials Packaging materials (boxes, cans, bottles, egg trays) toilet paper, serviettes, paper towels, etc. Services Consultancy and professional services (engineering services, project management and strategy development); and ICT Services (software and website development, data management). The Ministry of Investment, Trade and Industry facilitates aspiring and existing entrepreneurs through its parastatals such as Local Enterprise Authority (LEA) and Citizen Entrepreneurial Development Agency (CEDA) to venture into these business opportunities. Where can I get more information on this Service Ministry of Investment, Trade and Industry Private Bag 004 Gaborone Botswana Plot 54380, Central Business District Tel. (+267) 3601200 Fax. (+267) 3971539 Email. mitipru [at] gov.bw Related Forms FORM 1A - Registration Form.pdf (207.9 KB) FORM 1B - APPLICATION FOR EXPORT PERMIT-SCRAP.pdf (293.29 KB) Give Us Feedback Your name Your email address Subject Message Link Footer Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Give Us Feedback enquiries [at] gov.bw () Copyright © 2022. All right reserved. Government of Botswana.