Immunization Letter | Government of Botswana Skip to main content GOV.BW Search Main navigation Home Services Agriculture Benefits and Payments Culture, Sports and Tourism Education and Learning Health and Wellness Immigration and Civil Registration Labour and Employment Land, Construction and Housing Law, Crime and Justice Living in Botswana Licensing & Permits Natural Resources and Environment Social Services Trade and Industry Transport and Communications Service Links Administration of Justice Animal Traceability and Identification Independent Electoral commission Laws of Botswana Ministry of Finance and Economic Development Parliament of Botswana Tourism Services Trade and Industry Vehicle License Renewal e-visa e-Services About Government Contact Us Ministries and Agencies Parastatals Publications Local Authorities Land Boards About Botswana About our Country Public Holidays School Terms News & Events Events News Press Releases Contact Us COVID-19 Breadcrumb Home » Health and Wellness » Public Health Services » Immunization Letter Immunization Letter Overview The service is for the verification of the immunization status of citizens in Botswana by utilising the "Botswana Immunisation Schedule". This is a necessary document that allows citizens as well as local health professionals to have access to a citizen's immunisation record. The "Immunisation Clearance Letter" is issued by the "Child Health Division". Who is eligible? Citizens and residents How do I get this service? Submit all supporting documents in person or via email. All email submissions require "certified copies" of the supporting documents. You will be contacted once your "application" has been processed. What supporting documents are required? Applicable identity. Child Welfare Card (CWC) or under five card or an affidavit in the absence of the card. How long will this service take? One (1) working day. How much does it cost? Free Where can I obtain this service? Ministry of Health and Wellness Headquarters Floor 5, Office 5A17 or 5A18 Opening hours are from 07:30 - 12:45 and 13:45 - 16:30, Monday to Friday, except on Public Holidays. Where can I get more information on this Service Ministry of Health and Wellness Child Health Division – Expanded Program in Immunization Office 5A17 & 5A18 Government Enclave Private Bag 00269 Gaborone Botswana Tel. (+267) 3632193/ 3632878/ 3632879/ 3632199 Give Us Feedback Your name Your email address Subject Message Link Footer Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Give Us Feedback enquiries [at] gov.bw () Copyright © 2022. All right reserved. Government of Botswana.