Import and Export of Radiation Sources Permit | Government of Botswana Skip to main content GOV.BW Search Main navigation Home Services Agriculture Benefits and Payments Culture, Sports and Tourism Education and Learning Health and Wellness Immigration and Civil Registration Labour and Employment Land, Construction and Housing Law, Crime and Justice Living in Botswana Licensing & Permits Natural Resources and Environment Social Services Trade and Industry Transport and Communications Service Links Administration of Justice Animal Traceability and Identification Independent Electoral commission Laws of Botswana Ministry of Finance and Economic Development Parliament of Botswana Tourism Services Trade and Industry Vehicle License Renewal e-visa e-Services About Government Contact Us Ministries and Agencies Parastatals Publications Local Authorities Land Boards About Botswana About our Country Public Holidays School Terms News & Events Events News Press Releases Contact Us COVID-19 Breadcrumb Home » Licensing and Permits » Radiation » Import and Export of Radiation Sources Permit Import and Export of Radiation Sources Permit Overview The Radiation Protection Regulations, 2008 require that any person that imports or exports radiation sources must acquire a permit to do so from the Radiation Protection Inspectorate. This requirement has been put in place to ensure the safe use of atomic energy and nuclear technology in addition to deterring the illicit trafficking of radiation sources. Who is eligible? Only persons that possess a License for possession, use and sale of Radiation Sources may apply for a Permit to Import/Export radiation sources. How do I get this service? Download and submit the relevant sections of the Application for License/Permit to Import/Export/Transport/Possess and Use Radioactive Sources/Generators/Equipment. Submit the application, applicable fee and the supporting documentation to the office of the Radiation Protection Inspectorate at: Plot 132, Unit B, Gaborone International Finance Park The application and supporting documentation will be assessed while you wait. If the application is successful a Permit to Import/Export Radioactive sources will be issued. What supporting documents are required? To import radiation sources applicants must provide: A formal contractual agreement for the return of the spent sealed sources to the manufacturer or supplier; A certificate of the source(s) indicating wipe and leakage tests results; A certificate of the source showing ISO/IEC compliance or compliance with any internationally recognized standards; and Details of the vehicle transporting the source, registration number, model and make of the vehicle, the route which the vehicle is going to take. Indicate safety measures in place in case of an emergency during transportation of the source(s). Foreign companies seeking a temporary import into Botswana must submit all documents listed above, in addition to the following: Radiation Protection & Safety Program addressing all relevant issues (Emergency Preparedness Plan & Storage inclusive) Valid License/Authorization Certificate to possess & use radiation sources/generators (from country of origin) To export radiation sources applicants must provide: Assurance that the recipient has been authorized to receive the source. How long will this service take? Immediate How much does it cost? The fees, payable in cash, cheque, or adjustment voucher vary according to the risk associated with the radiation sources, as per schedule 9 of the Radiation Protection Regulations, 2008. Low risk - P400.00 Medium risk - P825.00 High risk - P1 625.00 Notification/Administrative Fee- P50.00 Where can I obtain this service? Plot 132, Unit B, Gaborone International Finance Park Where can I get more information on this Service Director Radiation Protection Inspectorate Ministry of Tertiary Education, Research, Science and Technology Private Bag BO 1 Bontleng, Gaborone, Botswana Physical address: Plot 132, Unit B, Gaborone International Finance Park Tel: (267) 318 8388 Fax: (267) 395 7025 e-mail: rpibots [at] gov.bw Opening hours: 07:30 to 12:45 and 13:45 to 16:30 Monday to Friday, and closed during public holidays Related Documents Application for License/Permit to Import/Export/Transport/Possess and Use Radioactive Sources/Generators/Equipment (Form 02) (345.89 KB) Give Us Feedback Your name Your email address Subject Message Link Footer Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Give Us Feedback enquiries [at] gov.bw () Copyright © 2022. All right reserved. Government of Botswana.