Individual Fencing Application Through ISPAAD  | Government of Botswana Skip to main content GOV.BW Search Main navigation Home Services Agriculture Benefits and Payments Culture, Sports and Tourism Education and Learning Health and Wellness Immigration and Civil Registration Labour and Employment Land, Construction and Housing Law, Crime and Justice Living in Botswana Licensing & Permits Natural Resources and Environment Social Services Trade and Industry Transport and Communications Service Links Administration of Justice Animal Traceability and Identification Independent Electoral commission Laws of Botswana Ministry of Finance and Economic Development Parliament of Botswana Tourism Services Trade and Industry Vehicle License Renewal e-visa e-Services About Government Contact Us Ministries and Agencies Parastatals Publications Local Authorities Land Boards About Botswana About our Country Public Holidays School Terms News & Events Events News Press Releases Contact Us COVID-19 Breadcrumb Home » Benefits and Payments » Subsidies » Individual Fencing Application Through ISPAAD Individual Fencing Application Through ISPAAD Overview Individual farmers can apply for assistance through the Integrated Support Programme for Arable Agriculture Development (ISPAAD). A 50% subsidy on the cost of fencing material up to a maximum of BW P70,000 is paid by Government. Farmers can apply for assistance to fence a newly established farm or to strengthen an already existing fence. This is done after thorough assessment of the existing field. Who is eligible? Citizens and non-citizens aged 18 years and above Applicants should have access to land (proof of ownership or leasehold). In case of leasehold, the lease period should not be less than 50 years. How do I get this service? Submit the relevant supporting documents (field Land Board Certificate or lease) to the nearest District Crop Production office. The Extension Officer shall calculate the field perimeter and prepare the Bill of Quantities for fencing materials. The farmer shall be given the Bill of Quantities to go and request five quotations. The Extension Officer will then complete the Application for ISPAAD Individual Fencing Form. Extension Officer shall submit the application along with supporting documents to Sub District Crop Production Officer (SDCPO) for processing. SDCPO shall inform the farmer whether the application has been approved or not by a letter. If approved the farmer must pay the supplier 50% of the total cost of the material and the Government pays the other 50 %. The farmer shall then collect the material from the supplier. What supporting documents are required? Certified copy of valid National Identity Card (Omang). Landboard Certificate, Lease or Title Deed. How long will this service take? One (1) month. How much does it cost? The applicant is expected to provide 50% of the cost for materials. Where can I get more information on this Service ISPAAD Coordinator Department of Crop Production Ministry of Agricultural Development and Food Security Headquarters Plot 4701 Mmaraka Road 3rd Floor, Office No. 301 Private Bag 00435 Gaborone Botswana Tel. (+267) 3689305 E-mail. dcp [at] gov.bw Call Centre: Tel.17755 Email. moa17755 [at] gov.bw Opening hours: 07:30 to 12:45 then 13:45 to 16:30, Monday to Friday except, public holidays. Related Documents Guidelines For Special Assistance To Kgalagadi District And Areas With Similar Agro-Climatic Conditions_0 (3.38 MB) District Crop Production Offices_1 (278.2 KB) ISPAAD Guidelines Revised May 2013 (2.93 MB) Give Us Feedback Your name Your email address Subject Message Link Footer Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Give Us Feedback enquiries [at] gov.bw () Copyright © 2022. All right reserved. Government of Botswana.