Insect Pest Identification and Management  | Government of Botswana Skip to main content GOV.BW Search Main navigation Home Services Agriculture Benefits and Payments Culture, Sports and Tourism Education and Learning Health and Wellness Immigration and Civil Registration Labour and Employment Land, Construction and Housing Law, Crime and Justice Living in Botswana Licensing & Permits Natural Resources and Environment Social Services Trade and Industry Transport and Communications Service Links Administration of Justice Animal Traceability and Identification Independent Electoral commission Laws of Botswana Ministry of Finance and Economic Development Parliament of Botswana Tourism Services Trade and Industry Vehicle License Renewal e-visa e-Services About Government Contact Us Ministries and Agencies Parastatals Publications Local Authorities Land Boards About Botswana About our Country Public Holidays School Terms News & Events Events News Press Releases Contact Us COVID-19 Breadcrumb Home » Agriculture » Crop Production » Insect Pest Identification and Management Insect Pest Identification and Management Overview This service assists applicants in the identification and management of pests. Who is eligible? Any person interested in insect /pest identification and management including: Horticulture farmers Dryland farmers Researchers Other institutions. How do I get this service? Download, complete and submit the Plant Pest Diagnostics Form with the sample to the entomology laboratory. The evaluation report will be produced and explained to the customer. What supporting documents are required? No documents are required. How long will this service take? Seven (7) working days. How much does it cost? No cost. Where can I get more information on this Service The Head Entomology Laboratory Department of Agricultural Research Ministry of Agricultural Development and Food Security Content Farm, Sebele Private Bag 0033 Gaborone Botswana Tel. (+267) 3668100 Ext: 8141/ 8144 Fax. (+267) 3928965 Call Centre: Tel. 17755 Email. moa17755 [at] gov.bw Opening hours: 07:30 to 12:45 then 13:45 to 16:30, Monday to Friday except, public holidays. Related Forms Plant Pests Diagnostic Form (121.24 KB) Give Us Feedback Your name Your email address Subject Message Link Footer Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Give Us Feedback enquiries [at] gov.bw () Copyright © 2022. All right reserved. Government of Botswana.