Interlocutory Applications | Government of Botswana Skip to main content GOV.BW Search Main navigation Home Services Agriculture Benefits and Payments Culture, Sports and Tourism Education and Learning Health and Wellness Immigration and Civil Registration Labour and Employment Land, Construction and Housing Law, Crime and Justice Living in Botswana Licensing & Permits Natural Resources and Environment Social Services Trade and Industry Transport and Communications Service Links Administration of Justice Animal Traceability and Identification Independent Electoral commission Laws of Botswana Ministry of Finance and Economic Development Parliament of Botswana Tourism Services Trade and Industry Vehicle License Renewal e-visa e-Services About Government Contact Us Ministries and Agencies Parastatals Publications Local Authorities Land Boards About Botswana About our Country Public Holidays School Terms News & Events Events News Press Releases Contact Us COVID-19 Breadcrumb Home » Interlocutory Applications Interlocutory Applications Overview This is made for condonation, variation, rescission, reinstatement or any other preliminary or interlocutory application or application incidental to any proceedings pending before court. Who is eligible? Any aggrieved party who would wish to have the order/judgment rescinded, and or varied as cited in terms of Rule 30 of the Industrial Court Rules or who would like to apply for reinstatement of the case that was previously struck off the roll for failure to appear as scheduled by the court. How do I get this service? In order to file an interlocutory application, follow the steps below. Get a copy of the Court order/Judgment to the court registry. Complete form 3 - Notice of Motion as near as can be in terms of the schedule. Founding affidavit (stating the grounds on which the applicant seeks to have the order/judgment varied/rescinded). If it is an application for the reinstatement of the case, the applicant must file an affidavit to explain the reasons for his/her failure to appear at court as scheduled. File and serve the application to the respondent(s). File proof of service and wait for any response from the respondent(s). Application is enrolled for a hearing on a date to be decided upon by the court. The court will then hear the application on the date set and make its determination. What supporting documents are required? Notice of Motion Founding affidavit Draft Order How long will this service take? Once the application has been delivered to the Judge for enrollment, the process is expected to be completed within approximately three (3) months. How much does it cost? This service is offered for free. Where can I get more information on this Service For more information, please refer to the Industrial Court Rules or contact the office listed below. The Registrar Industrial Court of Botswana Private Bag BR 267 Gaborone, Botswana Phone: (+267) 3900565 Fax: (+267) 3900567 Facebook: Industrial Court of Botswana Opening hours: 07:30 to 12:45 and 13:45 to 16:30 Monday to Friday, except weekends and public holidays. Additional information can also be obtained in the Industrial Court Rules Related Forms Notice for Motion_0 (194.92 KB) Applicant's Founding Affidavit_0 (226.67 KB) Draft Order_0 (184.01 KB) Notice of Opposition_1 (209.65 KB) Despondence Answering Affidavit_1 (217.96 KB) Applicant's Replying Affidavit_0 (218.59 KB) Notice of Appeal_0 (219.6 KB) Substituted Service_2 (214.48 KB) Give Us Feedback Your name Your email address Subject Message Link Footer Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Give Us Feedback enquiries [at] gov.bw () Copyright © 2022. All right reserved. Government of Botswana.