Ipelegeng - Unemployment Relief  | Government of Botswana Skip to main content GOV.BW Search Main navigation Home Services Agriculture Benefits and Payments Culture, Sports and Tourism Education and Learning Health and Wellness Immigration and Civil Registration Labour and Employment Land, Construction and Housing Law, Crime and Justice Living in Botswana Licensing & Permits Natural Resources and Environment Social Services Trade and Industry Transport and Communications Service Links Administration of Justice Animal Traceability and Identification Independent Electoral commission Laws of Botswana Ministry of Finance and Economic Development Parliament of Botswana Tourism Services Trade and Industry Vehicle License Renewal e-visa e-Services About Government Contact Us Ministries and Agencies Parastatals Publications Local Authorities Land Boards About Botswana About our Country Public Holidays School Terms News & Events Events News Press Releases Contact Us COVID-19 Breadcrumb Home » Social Services » Social Upliftment Programme » Ipelegeng - Unemployment Relief Ipelegeng - Unemployment Relief Overview This programme offers short term employment, for a maximum of 1 calendar month. Upon completion of the month, interested parties may re-apply to be re-enlisted into the programme. Selection of beneficiaries is conducted collectively at the village Kgotla through the assistance of ward/village development committees and extension teams. Successful applicants have the opportunity to commence working, but unsuccessful ones must reapply. Who is eligible? Unemployed citizen 18 years and above. How do I get this service? Visit the Village Development committee (VDC) at district level and Urban Development committee (UDC) at city or town level at the Tribal Administration offices (Kgotla) to register and return at the advised date. What supporting documents are required? Valid National Identification card (Omang). How long will this service take? Immediate. How much does it cost? No cost Where can I get more information on this Service Ministry of Local Department-Department of Development Planning Government Enclave Private Bag 0097 Gaborone Tel. (+267) 365-8430/ 8425 Fax. (+267) 393-0510 Opening hours are from 07:30 to 16:30, Monday to Friday, except public holidays. Give Us Feedback Your name Your email address Subject Message Link Footer Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Give Us Feedback enquiries [at] gov.bw () Copyright © 2022. All right reserved. Government of Botswana.