Issuance of Livestock Permit | Government of Botswana Skip to main content GOV.BW Search Main navigation Home Services Agriculture Benefits and Payments Culture, Sports and Tourism Education and Learning Health and Wellness Immigration and Civil Registration Labour and Employment Land, Construction and Housing Law, Crime and Justice Living in Botswana Licensing & Permits Natural Resources and Environment Social Services Trade and Industry Transport and Communications Service Links Administration of Justice Animal Traceability and Identification Independent Electoral commission Laws of Botswana Ministry of Finance and Economic Development Parliament of Botswana Tourism Services Trade and Industry Vehicle License Renewal e-visa e-Services About Government Contact Us Ministries and Agencies Parastatals Publications Local Authorities Land Boards About Botswana About our Country Public Holidays School Terms News & Events Events News Press Releases Contact Us COVID-19 Breadcrumb Home » Licensing and Permits » Animals and plants » Issuance of Livestock Permit Issuance of Livestock Permit Overview This service allows farmers to move animals across the country in order to achieve country wide traceability of animals. Animal movement can be for the following purposes; for slaughter, for rearing and translocation. Who is eligible? Registered Livestock Keeper (citizens and non-citizens legally resident in Botswana) Unregistered keeper (Diplomats, Tourists) How do I get this service? For farmers with access to internet connectivity, apply online using www.baits2.gov.bw Farmers without internet connectivity visit BAITS cafes/agent. For international permits only a request can be done online but collection of the permit is done at a local DVS office. What supporting documents are required? An original and valid Brand Certificate or certified copy Valid Keeper ID Card An import certificate with conditions from the country you are sending your consignment to. How long will this service take? One (1) working day depending on the quantity of consignment moved. How much does it cost? No cost. Where can I get more information on this Service Department of Veterinary Services (DVS) District Offices and BAITS Café/agent Call Centre: Tel.17755 Email. moa17755 [at] gov.bw Opening hours: Week days from 7:30 to 12:45 and 13:45 to 16:30, (Monday to Friday) except public holidays. Related Documents DISEASES OF ANIMALS (171.23 KB) District Veterinary Offices (145.32 KB) Give Us Feedback Your name Your email address Subject Message Link Footer Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Give Us Feedback enquiries [at] gov.bw () Copyright © 2022. All right reserved. Government of Botswana.