Issuance of Plant, Plant products Import Permit/Phytosanitary Certificate | Government of Botswana Skip to main content GOV.BW Search Main navigation Home Services Agriculture Benefits and Payments Culture, Sports and Tourism Education and Learning Health and Wellness Immigration and Civil Registration Labour and Employment Land, Construction and Housing Law, Crime and Justice Living in Botswana Licensing & Permits Natural Resources and Environment Social Services Trade and Industry Transport and Communications Service Links Administration of Justice Animal Traceability and Identification Independent Electoral commission Laws of Botswana Ministry of Finance and Economic Development Parliament of Botswana Tourism Services Trade and Industry Vehicle License Renewal e-visa e-Services About Government Contact Us Ministries and Agencies Parastatals Publications Local Authorities Land Boards About Botswana About our Country Public Holidays School Terms News & Events Events News Press Releases Contact Us COVID-19 Breadcrumb Home » Agriculture » Crop Production » Issuance of Plant, Plant products Import Permit/Phytosanitary Certificate Issuance of Plant, Plant products Import Permit/Phytosanitary Certificate Overview This service allows/enables Importers and Exporters to import/export plant and plant products. The permit is administered through Plant Protection Act CAP35:02.To import/export plants, plant products you must apply for an import permit and a Phytosanitary certificate respectively issued by the Division of Plant Protection. For one to be issued a Phytosanitary certificate s/he must meet the import conditions of the importing country. The import permit is valid for 6 months and can be used for multiple entry. The Phytosanitary certificate is valid for 2 weeks and used for single entry only. Who is eligible? Individuals (citizens and non-citizens) Registered a company with Registrar of Companies for a Trading License Registered business (Companies/Hawkers/Vendors) How do I get this service? Interested citizens and businesses are required to visit the nearest District Crop Production Office with relevant supporting documents. Complete an application form to import the plant and plant products Forms can be completed and send via email to MoAPlantPermits [at] gov.bw< Pay the prescribed fee physically or at the District Crop Production Office or electronically at the following banking details: Bank Name Bank of Botswana Branch Gaborone Swift Code B BOT BW GX Account name Government of Botswana Remittance Account Account number 0101000016620000/100001662000 Reference 0503-2342 If paying electronically proof of payment is required before a permit or Phytosanitary certificate are issued For IMPORT of plant or plant product, provide the following details Name and address of importer (Physical or postal) Name and address of exporter (Physical or postal) Quantities and type of plants or plant products to be imported Port of entry Mode of transport The plant or plant products to be imported shall be inspected to ensure that they meet the import conditions What supporting documents are required? For IMPORT of plant or plant product Proof of payment Completed Application form For EXPORT of plant or plant product Provide import permit from importing country Apply for phytosanitary certificate The plant or plant products to be exported shall be inspected to ensure that they meet the import conditions of the importing country Proof of payment Completed Application form For plant and plant products on TRANSIT provide: Permit from importing country Phytosanitary certificate from exporting country if required by the importing country Completed Application form Proof of payment How much does it cost? Up to 14 working days. However clients advised to apply 2 weeks in advance. Where can I get more information on this Service Any District Crop Production Office Ministry of Agricultural Development and Food Security Department of Crop Production Division of Plant Protection Private Bag 00298 Gaborone Botswana Tel. (+267) 3928786 Fax. (+267)3972381 Call Centre Tel. 17755 Email. moa17755 [at] gov.bw Opening hours: 07:30 to 12:45 and 13:45 to 16:30, Monday to Friday except, public holiday Related Documents CHAPTER 3502 PLANT PROTECTION SUBSIDIARY LEGISLATION-Plant Protection Regulations.pdf (39.46 KB) District Crop Production Offices_0.pdf (278.2 KB) IMPORT EXPORT PERMITS 2020 BROCHURE_1.pdf (781.48 KB) PLANT PROTECTION CHAPTER 3502.pdf (301.69 KB) APPLICATION FOR A PLANT HEALTH IMPORT PERMIT1.docx (28.44 KB) Give Us Feedback Your name Your email address Subject Message Link Footer Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Give Us Feedback enquiries [at] gov.bw () Copyright © 2022. All right reserved. Government of Botswana.