Issuance of livestock Producers Agent, Livestock Buyers and Livestock Buyers Agent licenses | Government of Botswana Skip to main content GOV.BW Search Main navigation Home Services Agriculture Benefits and Payments Culture, Sports and Tourism Education and Learning Health and Wellness Immigration and Civil Registration Labour and Employment Land, Construction and Housing Law, Crime and Justice Living in Botswana Licensing & Permits Natural Resources and Environment Social Services Trade and Industry Transport and Communications Service Links Administration of Justice Animal Traceability and Identification Independent Electoral commission Laws of Botswana Ministry of Finance and Economic Development Parliament of Botswana Tourism Services Trade and Industry Vehicle License Renewal e-visa e-Services About Government Contact Us Ministries and Agencies Parastatals Publications Local Authorities Land Boards About Botswana About our Country Public Holidays School Terms News & Events Events News Press Releases Contact Us COVID-19 Breadcrumb Home » Trade and Industry » Business Compliance » Issuance of livestock Producers Agent, Livestock Buyers and Livestock Buyers Agent licenses Issuance of livestock Producers Agent, Livestock Buyers and Livestock Buyers Agent licenses Overview Livestock Buyers License is provided for in the Control of Livestock Industry Act CAP.36.01. The license authorises its holder to purchase livestock for the purpose of trade in the country. Trade here means acquisition of livestock for slaughter, meat processing plants, retailers, chain shops, for commission (BMC) and other markets and this even include a farmer buying 50 or more breeding stock for the purposes of a ranch. License issued for a particular district can be endorsed ONCE in another district of interest to the buyer to enable trading in that particular district. A Livestock buyer’s Agent license is obtained by a buyer who is going to buy on behalf of someone who already has a livestock buyer’s license. Livestock Producers Agent license allows its holder to collect mobs of cattle from producers and send them to Botswana Meat Commission abattoirs on their behalf. A holder of this license is permitted to charge a commission of 2.5% on revenue realized from the sales as stipulated in the act for the services offered and not more than that. Livestock Producers Agent License is provided for in the Livestock Meat Industries Act (CAP 36.03). Who is eligible? Registered Business (companies) Citizens (Farmers and Individuals) How do I get this service? Visit the nearest District Agribusiness Promotion Office with relevant documents and complete an application form. Individuals and companies who are interested in becoming Livestock Buyers, Agents or Speculators are required to confirm details to the Authorized License Issuing Officer on the following; For New Entrants: Confirm registration with BAITS for Keeper Identification Particulars for business or an individual Base location of business District areas of livestock purchase Type of license required Payment of annual license fee Fill in the application form For renewals: Produce monthly livestock sales report and returns Pay Annual renewal license fee Produce licenses together with valid identifications (when required by the authority) before any transactions can be carried out. Fill in the application form What supporting documents are required? A Valid and original Botswana National Identity Card (Omang) for citizens Original Passport and Resident Permit for non-citizens Original and valid Cattle Brand Certificate Original and valid Livestock keepers Identity Original and a valid Trading License (Butchery & Fresh produce) How long will this service take? One (1) working day How much does it cost? Livestock buyer’s license First time owners deposit fee P200.00 (The fee is refundable upon termination of the license) Annual License Fee is P70.00 Annual license renewal fee is P70.00 and P52.50 is paid up for license issued before and after the 30th of June in every year Livestock Buyer’s Agent License License Fee 50.00 Annual license renewal is P50.00 and P32.50 for a license issued after the 30th of June. Livestock Producers’ Agent License License fee is P500.00 and expires every 31 December Annual License renewal fee of P500. Where can I get more information on this Service Where can I find more information? Ministry of Agricultural Development and Food Security Department of Agribusiness Promotion Private Bag 00298 Gaborone Botswana Tel. (+267) 3689706/3689709 Fax. (+267) 3972381 Call Centre Tel. 17755 Email. moa17755 [at] gov.bw () Opening hours: 07:30 to 12:45 and 13:45 to 16:30, Monday to Friday except, public holiday Related Documents CHAPTER 4308 - CONTROL OF GOODS, PRICES AND OTHER CHARGES- SUBSIDIARY LEGISLATION_5.pdf (304.38 KB) (BAITS) Farmers Guidelines Scope_2.pdf (5.65 MB) IMPORT EXPORT PERMITS 2020 BROCHURE_2.pdf (781.48 KB) CONTROL OF LIVESTOCK INDUSTRY CHAPTER 3601.pdf (201.83 KB) livestock and meat industries ACT.pdf (500.77 KB) Related Services Issuance of livestock Producers Agent, Livestock Buyers and Livestock Buyers Agent licenses Issuance of Transit Permit for livestock and livestock products Give Us Feedback Your name Your email address Subject Message Link Footer Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Give Us Feedback enquiries [at] gov.bw () Copyright © 2022. All right reserved. Government of Botswana.