Issuance of Kimberly Process Certificate | Government of Botswana Skip to main content GOV.BW Search Main navigation Home Services Agriculture Benefits and Payments Culture, Sports and Tourism Education and Learning Health and Wellness Immigration and Civil Registration Labour and Employment Land, Construction and Housing Law, Crime and Justice Living in Botswana Licensing & Permits Natural Resources and Environment Social Services Trade and Industry Transport and Communications Service Links Administration of Justice Animal Traceability and Identification Independent Electoral commission Laws of Botswana Ministry of Finance and Economic Development Parliament of Botswana Tourism Services Trade and Industry Vehicle License Renewal e-visa e-Services About Government Contact Us Ministries and Agencies Parastatals Publications Local Authorities Land Boards About Botswana About our Country Public Holidays School Terms News & Events Events News Press Releases Contact Us COVID-19 Breadcrumb Home » Licensing and Permits » Mining » Issuance of Kimberly Process Certificate Issuance of Kimberly Process Certificate Overview The service allows the Precious Stones Dealers Licence and Diamond Cutting licence holders to export rough diamonds to countries that are members of the Kimberley Process Certification Scheme (KPSC). The certificate is required every time rough diamonds are exported. Who is eligible? Citizen and non-citizen businesses. How do I get this service? Make a booking with Diamond Office (DO) for inspection of rough diamonds at least a day in advance. Brings diamonds/shipment/goods to Diamond Office for inspection with invoices. After the inspection of consignment, customer fills in the Kimberley Process application form, which is Application form for Kimberly Process Certificates for Rough Diamond Export.F. If approved, the customer will be issued the signed Kimberley Process Certificate. What supporting documents are required? Diamond Cutting Licence or the Precious Stones Dealer’s Licence. An invoice for the shipment/diamonds/goods. How long will this service take? One (1) day. How much does it cost? BWP 500.00 per certificate. Where can I obtain this service? Diamond Hub Private Bag 0018 Gaborone Botswana Plot 67782, Diamond Technology Park, Block 8 Industrial Area Telephone: (+267) 3915311 Fax: (+267) 393 4586 Email: diamondofficebotswana [at] gov.bw Where can I get more information on this Service Diamond Hub Private Bag 0018 Gaborone Botswana Plot 67782, Diamond Technology Park, Block 8 Industrial Area Telephone: (+267) 3915311 Fax: (+267) 393 4586 Email: diamondofficebotswana [at] gov.bw Opening hours: 07:30 to 12:45 and 13:45 to 16:30, Monday to Friday, except public holidays Related Forms Application form for Kimberly Process Certificates for Rough Diamond Export.F.pdf (11.39 KB) Related Services Diamond Cutting Licence Application Rough Diamonds Export Permit Give Us Feedback Your name Your email address Subject Message Link Footer Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Give Us Feedback enquiries [at] gov.bw () Copyright © 2022. All right reserved. Government of Botswana.