Issuance of Import Permit of Live Animal(s), Animal Product(s) and Animal Feed(s) | Government of Botswana Skip to main content GOV.BW Search Main navigation Home Services Agriculture Benefits and Payments Culture, Sports and Tourism Education and Learning Health and Wellness Immigration and Civil Registration Labour and Employment Land, Construction and Housing Law, Crime and Justice Living in Botswana Licensing & Permits Natural Resources and Environment Social Services Trade and Industry Transport and Communications Service Links Administration of Justice Animal Traceability and Identification Independent Electoral commission Laws of Botswana Ministry of Finance and Economic Development Parliament of Botswana Tourism Services Trade and Industry Vehicle License Renewal e-visa e-Services About Government Contact Us Ministries and Agencies Parastatals Publications Local Authorities Land Boards About Botswana About our Country Public Holidays School Terms News & Events Events News Press Releases Contact Us COVID-19 Breadcrumb Home » Agriculture » Animal Husbandry » Issuance of Import Permit of Live Animal(s), Animal Product(s) and Animal Feed(s) Issuance of Import Permit of Live Animal(s), Animal Product(s) and Animal Feed(s) Overview This service allows clients to import animals, animal products, animal feeds, Animal/feeds Samples for research purposes etc into the country in order to achieve country wide traceability of the commodities. Animal movement can be for the following purposes; for slaughter, for rearing and translocation. For all permits the client must return the previous permit before renewal or issuance of subsequent permits and the product or animal clear details must be provided as well as the quantity. Origin country should not have major Notifiable diseases for such livestock e.g. foot and mouth for cattle, Avian Influenza or Newcastle for chicken and African swine fever for pigs. Who is eligible? Registered Livestock Keeper (citizens and non-citizens legally resident in Botswana) Unregistered keeper (Diplomats, Tourists, researchers) How do I get this service? Visit the nearest District Veterinary Office with relevant document and complete an application form. Email DVSpermits [at] gov.bw () or Call 002673689510/9513 to get help. What supporting documents are required? Livestock (Animals) Veterinary-health certificate from country of original, Relevant test results as per Import permit requirements transit permit in case animals passes through other countries CITES permit in case of game animals Livestock products Veterinary-health certificate of country of original Relevant test results where needed as per import permit requirements CITES permit in case of game products Veterinary Samples Veterinary Import permit Veterinary Export permit CITES permit in case of game products Livestock Feeds Veterinary-health certificate of original country Veterinary Import permit transit permit in case feeds goes through other countries Properly labelled containers/bags in accordance with labelling standards covered by the country regulations and CODEX Standards on Labelling NB: Botswana does not allow use of animal protein, antibiotics, anabolic hormones and thyrostatic substances in feeds and it’s a requirement that Exporting country should attest to their absence in the feed Imported into Botswana. Dogs and Cats Valid rabies immunisation record (For dogs and cats) Kittens and puppies under 3 months old (Proof that the mother (dam) was vaccinated against at least one month but not more than 12 months prior to giving birth Proof that there are no movement restrictions for rabies control in your origin area. Submit the pets to the office for inspection before issuance of Export permit Movement of dogs and cats within SADC region Veterinary Movement permit (from exporting country) Veterinary Health certificate or Health card, Rabies Certificate Document must be in English or Setswana How long will this service take? One (1) working day How much does it cost? Its free. Where can I get more information on this Service Department of Veterinary Services Private Bag 0032 Gaborone Botswana Tel. (+267) 3689513/3689510 Fax. (+267) 3972381 DVSpermits [at] gov.bw () Or any nearest District Veterinary Office Call Centre Tel. 17755 Email. moa17755 [at] gov.bw () Opening hours: 07:30 to 12:45 and 13:45 to 16:30, Monday to Friday except, public holidays and weekends Related Documents CHAPTER 4308 - CONTROL OF GOODS, PRICES AND OTHER CHARGES- SUBSIDIARY LEGISLATION_3.pdf (304.38 KB) IMPORT EXPORT PERMITS 2020 BROCHURE_1.pdf (781.48 KB) (BAITS) Farmers Guidelines Scope_0.pdf (5.65 MB) Diseases of animal act (cap 37:01) and its subsidiary legislation (171.23 KB) Related Services Issuance of livestock Producers Agent, Livestock Buyers and Livestock Buyers Agent licenses Issuance of Transit Permit for livestock and livestock products Give Us Feedback Your name Your email address Subject Message Link Footer Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Give Us Feedback enquiries [at] gov.bw () Copyright © 2022. All right reserved. Government of Botswana.