Issuance of Permits for Dried Grains | Government of Botswana Skip to main content GOV.BW Search Main navigation Home Services Agriculture Benefits and Payments Culture, Sports and Tourism Education and Learning Health and Wellness Immigration and Civil Registration Labour and Employment Land, Construction and Housing Law, Crime and Justice Living in Botswana Licensing & Permits Natural Resources and Environment Social Services Trade and Industry Transport and Communications Service Links Administration of Justice Animal Traceability and Identification Independent Electoral commission Laws of Botswana Ministry of Finance and Economic Development Parliament of Botswana Tourism Services Trade and Industry Vehicle License Renewal e-visa e-Services About Government Contact Us Ministries and Agencies Parastatals Publications Local Authorities Land Boards About Botswana About our Country Public Holidays School Terms News & Events Events News Press Releases Contact Us COVID-19 Breadcrumb Home » Licensing and Permits » Animals and plants » Issuance of Permits for Dried Grains Issuance of Permits for Dried Grains Overview This service enables Importers and Exporters to import/export the following products; grain-based animal feed for poultry and livestock; sorghum & sorghum products; maize & maize products; millet and millet products; wheat grain; pulses (castor beans, groundnuts); and sunflower seed. Who is eligible? Registered Businesses (Companies and Hawkers) Citizens (Farmers and Individuals) How do I get this service? In order to attain a dried grains import permit, applicants should bring the relevant documents to the nearest authorized Permit Issuing Office where the Authorized Officer will fill in and complete, at the time of request, a permit form with specific details which include; Quantities and type of locally procured products to be imported as follows; 30% of the maize grain and 70% of the maize meal, samp, maize rice or animal feed for poultry and livestock 50% of the sorghum grain and 70% of the sorghum meal, sorghum rice or any other processed sorghum product (animal feed). Border post of entry Country of origin of import Endorsement at the border post by Botswana Unified Revenue Services (BURS). What supporting documents are required? Proof of local purchase A certified copy of valid National Identification card (Omang) An original and valid Hawkers or Trading License A letter of Authorization to apply on behalf of the Company A original and valid Sanitary and Phytosanitary (SPS) Certificate A valid Botswana Bureau of Standards (BOBS) Certificates How long will this service take? One (1) working day How much does it cost? No cost Where can I get more information on this Service Ministry of Agricultural Development and Food Security Department of Agribusiness Promotion Private Bag 00298 Gaborone Botswana Tel. (+267) 3689706/3689709 Fax. (+267) 3972381 Call Centre Tel.17755 Email. moa17755 [at] gov.bw Opening hours: 07:30 to 12:45 and 13:45 to 16:30, Monday to Friday except, public holiday Related Documents CHAPTER 4308 - CONTROL OF GOODS, PRICES AND OTHER CHARGES- SUBSIDIARY LEGISLATION (304.38 KB) IMPORT EXPORT PERMITS 2020 BROCHURE (781.48 KB) District Agribusiness Promotion Offices (221.92 KB) Give Us Feedback Your name Your email address Subject Message Link Footer Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Give Us Feedback enquiries [at] gov.bw () Copyright © 2022. All right reserved. Government of Botswana.