Issuance of Economic Diversification Drive (EDD) Certificate | Government of Botswana Skip to main content GOV.BW Search Main navigation Home Services Agriculture Benefits and Payments Culture, Sports and Tourism Education and Learning Health and Wellness Immigration and Civil Registration Labour and Employment Land, Construction and Housing Law, Crime and Justice Living in Botswana Licensing & Permits Natural Resources and Environment Social Services Trade and Industry Transport and Communications Service Links Administration of Justice Animal Traceability and Identification Independent Electoral commission Laws of Botswana Ministry of Finance and Economic Development Parliament of Botswana Tourism Services Trade and Industry Vehicle License Renewal e-visa e-Services About Government Contact Us Ministries and Agencies Parastatals Publications Local Authorities Land Boards About Botswana About our Country Public Holidays School Terms News & Events Events News Press Releases Contact Us COVID-19 Breadcrumb Home » Licensing and Permits » Trade » Issuance of Economic Diversification Drive (EDD) Certificate Issuance of Economic Diversification Drive (EDD) Certificate Overview To coordinate all efforts aimed at diversifying the country’s sources of economic growth and income in such a way that the country becomes more or less equally dependent on all sectors of the economy through the implementation of the Economic Diversification Drive (EDD) Short-term Strategy and the EDD Medium to Long-term Strategy. Who is eligible? Businesses registered in Botswana engaged in manufacturing, service provision (excluding agents/ distributors/retailers/resellers etc.) and agricultural production. How do I get this service? Fill in and submit the application form to register under the EDD Initiative to register online (Confirm link) or Download, complete and submit the EDD Application Form with supporting documents to the nearest Department of Industrial Affairs (DIA). The applicant will be notified of the outcome via SMS. Collect EDD Certificate What supporting documents are required? Certified copy of the certificate of registration and / or incorporation Certified copy of a valid relevant license/ Registration Certificate or the letter of waiver Copy of Tax Clearance Certificate Application to transfer a Licence Financial statements for the enterprises with an annual turnover of below P500 000 Audited financial statements, for those enterprises with an annual turnover of P500 000 and above Projected financial statements for enterprises who have been operating for less than a year How long will this service take? Ten (10) working days. How much does it cost? No cost. Where can I obtain this service? Economic Diversification Drive Unit Ministry of Investment, Trade and Industry Plot 54380 Central Business District (CBD) Private Bag 004 Gaborone Tel. (267) 3601200 Department of Industrial Affairs Ministry of Investment, Trade and Industry Annex Building Plot 54380, Central Business District, Gaborone Private Bag 0014 Gaborone Tel: 3957406/3995200 Fax: 3972910 Where can I get more information on this Service Ministry of Investment, Trade and Industry Private Bag 004 Gaborone Botswana Plot 54380, Central Business District Tel. (+267) 3601200 Fax. (+267) 3971539 Email. mitipru [at] gov.bw Related Forms REGISTER UNDER THE ECONOMIC DIVERSIFICATION DRIVE (EDD) INITIATIVE (539.88 KB) Give Us Feedback Your name Your email address Subject Message Link Footer Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Give Us Feedback enquiries [at] gov.bw () Copyright © 2022. All right reserved. Government of Botswana.