Issuance of Export Permit for Scrap Metal | Government of Botswana Skip to main content GOV.BW Search Main navigation Home Services Agriculture Benefits and Payments Culture, Sports and Tourism Education and Learning Health and Wellness Immigration and Civil Registration Labour and Employment Land, Construction and Housing Law, Crime and Justice Living in Botswana Licensing & Permits Natural Resources and Environment Social Services Trade and Industry Transport and Communications Service Links Administration of Justice Animal Traceability and Identification Independent Electoral commission Laws of Botswana Ministry of Finance and Economic Development Parliament of Botswana Tourism Services Trade and Industry Vehicle License Renewal e-visa e-Services About Government Contact Us Ministries and Agencies Parastatals Publications Local Authorities Land Boards About Botswana About our Country Public Holidays School Terms News & Events Events News Press Releases Contact Us COVID-19 Breadcrumb Home » Trade and Industry » Business Registration » Issuance of Export Permit for Scrap Metal Issuance of Export Permit for Scrap Metal Overview To improve accessibility of the scrap metal by local metal foundries/processors before it is exported as a way to facilitate domestic production. Scrap metal dealers are required to apply for export permit should the need to export the scrap metal arise. Who is eligible? Domestic registered scrap metal businesses. How do I get this service? Download and submit Registration Form to apply to be registered scrap metal exporter at the Department of Industrial Affairs (DIA) with the supporting documents outlined below Download and submit Application for Export Permit-scrap at the Department of Industrial Affairs. Please note that one application is for one permit, and that the permit issued would be per one truck load or one container. The permit is processed by DIA as follows: DIA consult whether foundries require the scrap (If yes permit application rejected) Preparation of the permit by the processing officer Authorization of the permit by a senior officer (Non) Issuance of the permit to the applicant depends on results of processing by ministry Return permit is then returned to DIA (with SAD 500 attached). Please note that step 1 (registration is only done once), and then subsequently the applicant continues from step 2 (application for the permit). What supporting documents are required? Copy of Salvage yards license (obtained from Department of Waste Management and Pollution Control) BURS Tax Clearance certificate National Identity Card (Omang) /Passport of Managing Director Copies of Registration of Incorporation or Business Registration Certificate Copies of Shareholding certificates SAD 500 How long will this service take? Ten (10) working days. How much does it cost? No Cost. Where can I get more information on this Service Department of Industrial Affairs Plot 54380 Central Business District (CBD) Private Bag 0014 Gaborone Tel. (+267) 3957406 Fax. (+267) 3972910 Opening hours: 07:30 to 12:45 and 13:45 to 16:30 Monday to Friday, except public holidays Related Forms Form 1A (APPLICATION FOR REGISTRATION AS AN EXPORTER OF FERROUS AND NON-FERROUS METAL SCRAP AND WASTE) (207.9 KB) FORM 1B (APPLICATION FOR AN EXPORT PERMIT: FERROUS AND NON- FERROUS METAL SCRAP AND WASTE) (293.29 KB) Related Services Economic Diversification Drive (EDD) Registration Give Us Feedback Your name Your email address Subject Message Link Footer Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Give Us Feedback enquiries [at] gov.bw () Copyright © 2022. All right reserved. Government of Botswana.