Livestock Keeper Registration  | Government of Botswana Skip to main content GOV.BW Search Main navigation Home Services Agriculture Benefits and Payments Culture, Sports and Tourism Education and Learning Health and Wellness Immigration and Civil Registration Labour and Employment Land, Construction and Housing Law, Crime and Justice Living in Botswana Licensing & Permits Natural Resources and Environment Social Services Trade and Industry Transport and Communications Service Links Administration of Justice Animal Traceability and Identification Independent Electoral commission Laws of Botswana Ministry of Finance and Economic Development Parliament of Botswana Tourism Services Trade and Industry Vehicle License Renewal e-visa e-Services About Government Contact Us Ministries and Agencies Parastatals Publications Local Authorities Land Boards About Botswana About our Country Public Holidays School Terms News & Events Events News Press Releases Contact Us COVID-19 Breadcrumb Home » Agriculture » Animal Husbandry » Livestock Keeper Registration Livestock Keeper Registration Overview This service allows Livestock Keepers to be registered and allocated a Livestock Keeper ID in BAITS, this is linked with the electronically Identified Cattle, Brands Registration and location. The service involves, new registration, Renewal and /or issuance of a Keeper Card. Livestock keepers are valid for 2 years. Who is eligible? Valid National Identity Card (Omang) and children under 16 years a Birth Certificate Non-citizens need to have a valid Resident Permit. Companies need to be in possession of a valid Company's Registration Certificate. How do I get this service? Visit the nearest Veterinary District Office for registration What supporting documents are required? A valid National Identity Card (Omang) or a Birth Certificate for citizens (Original or certified). A valid Resident Permit and valid Passport for non-citizens (Original or certified). A valid Company’s Registration Certificate for companies. How long will this service take? Five (5) working days. How much does it cost? There is no cost, it is just registration of a Livestock Keeper at BWP10.00. Where can I get more information on this Service The Director Department of Veterinary Services Private Bag 0032 Gaborone, Botswana Tel:(+267)3689504 Fax:(+267)3689893 Call Centre: Tel.17755 Email. moa17755 [at] gov.bw Opening hours: 07:30 to 12:45 then 13:45 to 16:30, Monday to Friday, except public holidays. Related Documents Livestock Theft Prevention Tips (327.78 KB) (BAITS) Farmers Guidelines Scope_0 (5.65 MB) Baits Regulations (2018)_1 (5.54 MB) Give Us Feedback Your name Your email address Subject Message Link Footer Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Give Us Feedback enquiries [at] gov.bw () Copyright © 2022. All right reserved. Government of Botswana.