Married Persons Property Regime | Government of Botswana Skip to main content GOV.BW Search Main navigation Home Services Agriculture Benefits and Payments Culture, Sports and Tourism Education and Learning Health and Wellness Immigration and Civil Registration Labour and Employment Land, Construction and Housing Law, Crime and Justice Living in Botswana Licensing & Permits Natural Resources and Environment Social Services Trade and Industry Transport and Communications Service Links Administration of Justice Animal Traceability and Identification Independent Electoral commission Laws of Botswana Ministry of Finance and Economic Development Parliament of Botswana Tourism Services Trade and Industry Vehicle License Renewal e-visa e-Services About Government Contact Us Ministries and Agencies Parastatals Publications Local Authorities Land Boards About Botswana About our Country Public Holidays School Terms News & Events Events News Press Releases Contact Us COVID-19 Breadcrumb Home » Immigration and Civil Registration » Civil Registration » Married Persons Property Regime Married Persons Property Regime Overview In accordance with Section 3(1) of the Married Persons Property Act marriage solemnised between spouses is outright out of community of property and community of profit and loss or any liabilities or privileges therefrom. However, the Act provides that spouses may choose to contract to be in community of property and community of profit and loss or any liabilities or privileges therefrom by signing an instrument to that effect. The instrument must be signed by each of the spouses before solemnisation of their marriage and in the presence of two persons one of whom shall be an administrative officer as a witness to the choice made. For the signed instrument to be valid it must be registered in the Deeds Register (Attorney General’s Office) within 90 days. If not registered within this period the instrument will not be valid hence the marriage will be presumed to be out of community as at Section 3(1). Who is eligible? All married couples who solemnise their marriage according to the common law. How do I get this service? In order to access this service, applicants must follow the following steps: Fill in the application form selecting the married property regime What supporting documents are required? National Identity document for citizens Passport for Non-citizens How long will this service take? The service takes 90 days for the Instrument to be collected from the office. How much does it cost? The service free is P20.00 Where can I get more information on this Service Civil and National Registration Offices Department of Civil and National Registration Head Office, Block 8, Government Enclave, Khama Crescent, Private Bag 00240, Gaborone, Botswana Tel. (+267) 361 1400 Fax. (+267) 395 9998 Toll Free Number. 0800 600 777 Civil and National Registration offices Opening hours: 7:30 to 12:45, and 13:45 to 16:30, Monday to Friday, except public holidays. Related Forms Civil and National Registration offices_0.pdf (202.24 KB) Give Us Feedback Your name Your email address Subject Message Link Footer Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Give Us Feedback enquiries [at] gov.bw () Copyright © 2022. All right reserved. Government of Botswana.