Marriage Registration | Government of Botswana Skip to main content GOV.BW Search Main navigation Home Services Agriculture Benefits and Payments Culture, Sports and Tourism Education and Learning Health and Wellness Immigration and Civil Registration Labour and Employment Land, Construction and Housing Law, Crime and Justice Living in Botswana Licensing & Permits Natural Resources and Environment Social Services Trade and Industry Transport and Communications Service Links Administration of Justice Animal Traceability and Identification Independent Electoral commission Laws of Botswana Ministry of Finance and Economic Development Parliament of Botswana Tourism Services Trade and Industry Vehicle License Renewal e-visa e-Services About Government Contact Us Ministries and Agencies Parastatals Publications Local Authorities Land Boards About Botswana About our Country Public Holidays School Terms News & Events Events News Press Releases Contact Us COVID-19 Breadcrumb Home » Immigration and Civil Registration » Civil Registration » Marriage Registration Marriage Registration Overview According to the Marriage Act No. 18 of 2001, Chapter 29:01, any marriage that takes place within Botswana must be registered except marriages contracted in accordance with any customary law of Botswana or Muslim, Hindu or any other Religious right. Why do you have to register a marriage? For national statistical purposes, to cater for development Evidence of existence of marriage having been legally solemnised Who is eligible? Anybody over the age of 18 years Anybody below the age of 18 must be accompanied by a parent/guardian. A guardian/parent must authorise in writing the subject to contract to such marriage. How do I get this service? In order to access this service, applicants must follow the following steps. Register intention to marry with the office stating whether solemnisation will be after Banns or Special Marriage Licence Marriage notice will be floated for 21 days Solemnisation of marriage at the District Administration office or by a Pastor What supporting documents are required? National Identity Card (Omang) or passport for foreign nationals Letter of consent from parents if you are under 18 years of age Letter of confirmation from Kgosi that one is not married, or a letter of confirmation from their country of origin that they are not married for foreign nationals Statement from declarant and a certified copy of their identity document How long will this service take? The solemnisation takes after 21 days. How much does it cost? After Banns/ Normal P40.00 Special Marriage Licence P150.00 + P 40.00 = P190.00 Where can I get more information on this Service Civil and National Registration Offices Department of Civil and National Registration Head Office, Block 8, Government Enclave, Khama Crescent, Private Bag 00240, Gaborone, Botswana Tel. (+267) 361 1400 Fax. (+267) 395 9998 Toll Free Number. 0800 600 777 Civil and National Registration Offices Related Documents Civil and National Registration offices.pdf (202.24 KB) Give Us Feedback Your name Your email address Subject Message Link Footer Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Give Us Feedback enquiries [at] gov.bw () Copyright © 2022. All right reserved. Government of Botswana.