Master’s Office  | Government of Botswana Skip to main content GOV.BW Search Main navigation Home Services Agriculture Benefits and Payments Culture, Sports and Tourism Education and Learning Health and Wellness Immigration and Civil Registration Labour and Employment Land, Construction and Housing Law, Crime and Justice Living in Botswana Licensing & Permits Natural Resources and Environment Social Services Trade and Industry Transport and Communications Service Links Administration of Justice Animal Traceability and Identification Independent Electoral commission Laws of Botswana Ministry of Finance and Economic Development Parliament of Botswana Tourism Services Trade and Industry Vehicle License Renewal e-visa e-Services About Government Contact Us Ministries and Agencies Parastatals Publications Local Authorities Land Boards About Botswana About our Country Public Holidays School Terms News & Events Events News Press Releases Contact Us COVID-19 Breadcrumb Home » Law, Crime and Justice » legal » Master’s Office Master’s Office Overview The Master is an officer appointed under Section 4 of the Administration of Estates Act, CAP 31:01 for specific purposes as outlined below under the purview of the relevant acts. Administration of Estates Act, Section 4, CAP 31:01: Administers estates of deceased persons – overseeing the administration by appointed executors and managing the property of the person who passed away. Administers the Guardian Fund - management of benefits of minor beneficiaries or persons whose whereabouts are unknown. Chairs next of kin meetings. These are meetings of close relatives (siblings, parents and children of the deceased) to nominate an executor to deal with the distribution of the estate of the person who passed away without a will. Approves liquidations and distribution accounts of the remaining properties of the estate. Companies Act, CAP 42:01 Supervises the winding up of companies placed under liquidation. Appoints liquidators. Appoints judicial managers. Presides over creditors’ meetings. Approves liquidation and distribution accounts. Insolvency act. Supervises sequestration of insolvent persons. Appoints trustees to corporate estates. Insolvency Act, CAP 42:02 Supervises the sequestration of insolvent persons and management of their estates. Appoints trustees to estates. Marriage Act, CAP 29:01 Issuance of certificates if protection of minors of former marriages where the person intending to remarry has a former spouse who is deceased. High Court Rules, CAP 04:02 Provision of report to Judges and supervision of curators appointed by the Court together with overseeing the administration of estates of incapacitated persons. Who is eligible? Siblings, parents and children of the deceased. How do I get this service? Within 14 days after the death of the person, report the death at the Master's Office by delivering the deceased's death certificate and fill in the death notice and provisional of the property in the estate. if a will exists, it must also be lodged together with the other documents. What supporting documents are required? Death certificate. Will (if applicable). Original copy/ certified copy of Marriage certificate (If married). Inventory of the property in the estate. Where can I get more information on this Service The Registrar and Master High Court - Gaborone Private Bag 00220 Gaborone Botswana Tel: (+267) 3718000 / (+267) 3971706 Fax: (+267) 3915119 The Deputy Registrar High court of Botswana Private Bag F13 Francistown Tel: (+267) 2412125 / (+267) 2416378 Fax. (+267) 2416378 Website. www.justice.gov.bw Opening hours are 07:30 to 12:45 and 13:45 to 16:30, Monday to Friday, except public holidays. Related Services Administration of Estates of Deceased Persons Give Us Feedback Your name Your email address Subject Message Link Footer Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Give Us Feedback enquiries [at] gov.bw () Copyright © 2022. All right reserved. Government of Botswana.