Meteorological Educational Tours | Government of Botswana Skip to main content GOV.BW Search Main navigation Home Services Agriculture Benefits and Payments Culture, Sports and Tourism Education and Learning Health and Wellness Immigration and Civil Registration Labour and Employment Land, Construction and Housing Law, Crime and Justice Living in Botswana Licensing & Permits Natural Resources and Environment Social Services Trade and Industry Transport and Communications Service Links Administration of Justice Animal Traceability and Identification Independent Electoral commission Laws of Botswana Ministry of Finance and Economic Development Parliament of Botswana Tourism Services Trade and Industry Vehicle License Renewal e-visa e-Services About Government Contact Us Ministries and Agencies Parastatals Publications Local Authorities Land Boards About Botswana About our Country Public Holidays School Terms News & Events Events News Press Releases Contact Us COVID-19 Breadcrumb Home » Licensing and Permits » Natural Resources and Environment » Meteorological Educational Tours Meteorological Educational Tours Overview Educational tours exist to teach the public about products and services offered by the Department of Meteorological Services. Participants get to tour the Department, see and learn about the meteorological instruments that are used in Botswana including the forecasting studio. An educational tour takes approximately 1 hour 30 minutes. Who is eligible? Citizens and non-citizens. How do I get this service? Write a letter to the Director of the Department requesting for a scheduled tour. What supporting documents are required? No additional documents are required. How long will this service take? Five (5) working days. How much does it cost? No cost. Where can I get more information on this Service Department of Meteorological Services offices, P.O. Box 10100 Gaborone Botswana Tel: (+267) 3612200 Fax: (+267) 3956282 Facebook page: https://www.facebook.com/BotswanaMet/ Operating hours 0730hrs to 1100hrs, except public holidays. Opening hours: 07:30hrs to 12:45 and 13:45 to 16:30, Monday to Friday, except Public Holidays. Give Us Feedback Your name Your email address Subject Message Link Footer Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Give Us Feedback enquiries [at] gov.bw () Copyright © 2022. All right reserved. Government of Botswana.