Mineral Samples Export Permit | Government of Botswana Skip to main content GOV.BW Search Main navigation Home Services Agriculture Benefits and Payments Culture, Sports and Tourism Education and Learning Health and Wellness Immigration and Civil Registration Labour and Employment Land, Construction and Housing Law, Crime and Justice Living in Botswana Licensing & Permits Natural Resources and Environment Social Services Trade and Industry Transport and Communications Service Links Administration of Justice Animal Traceability and Identification Independent Electoral commission Laws of Botswana Ministry of Finance and Economic Development Parliament of Botswana Tourism Services Trade and Industry Vehicle License Renewal e-visa e-Services About Government Contact Us Ministries and Agencies Parastatals Publications Local Authorities Land Boards About Botswana About our Country Public Holidays School Terms News & Events Events News Press Releases Contact Us COVID-19 Breadcrumb Home » Licensing and Permits » Mining » Mineral Samples Export Permit Mineral Samples Export Permit Overview The service allows businesses to export mineral samples to other countries for testing purposes when it’s not feasible or possible to do the testing in Botswana. Who is eligible? Research institutions Holder of one or more of the following licences: Prospecting Licence. Mining Licence. Retention Licence. Minerals Permit. How do I get this service? Download, complete Minerals Permit Application Form and submit with supporting documents to the nearest office. Apply in writing to the Director of Mines detailing Nature of mineral samples, Quantities of samples, Origin, Destination, and Types of analysis or tests to be carried out in the foreign country. What supporting documents are required? Confirmation letter from a Research Institution. Confirmation of origin of samples in cases of research. How long will this service take? Seven (7) working days. How much does it cost? No cost. Where can I get more information on this Service Director Department of Mines Government Enclave, Block 6, Khama Crescent (Ministry of Basic Education building floor 4) P/Bag 0049 Gaborone Botswana Khama Crescent Tel. (+267) 365 7000 Fax. (+267) 395 2141 Email: mines [at] gov.bw Director Department of Mines P/Bag F0081 Francistown Botswana Plot 1280, Government Camp Tel. (+267) 245 0200 Fax. (+267) 240 6004 Email: mines [at] gov.bw Opening hours: 7:30 to 12:45 and 13:45 to 16:30, Monday to Friday, except public holidays Related Forms Mining license Application Form(Issue) (105.46 KB) Prospecting license Application form(Issue/Renewal) (97.42 KB) Minerals Permit Application Form VII_0.pdf (91.57 KB) Mining Permit Application form(Renewal) (107 KB) Retention License Application Form(Issue/Renewal) (110.68 KB) Give Us Feedback Your name Your email address Subject Message Link Footer Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Give Us Feedback enquiries [at] gov.bw () Copyright © 2022. All right reserved. Government of Botswana.