Minerals Permit | Government of Botswana Skip to main content GOV.BW Search Main navigation Home Services Agriculture Benefits and Payments Culture, Sports and Tourism Education and Learning Health and Wellness Immigration and Civil Registration Labour and Employment Land, Construction and Housing Law, Crime and Justice Living in Botswana Licensing & Permits Natural Resources and Environment Social Services Trade and Industry Transport and Communications Service Links Administration of Justice Animal Traceability and Identification Independent Electoral commission Laws of Botswana Ministry of Finance and Economic Development Parliament of Botswana Tourism Services Trade and Industry Vehicle License Renewal e-visa e-Services About Government Contact Us Ministries and Agencies Parastatals Publications Local Authorities Land Boards About Botswana About our Country Public Holidays School Terms News & Events Events News Press Releases Contact Us COVID-19 Breadcrumb Home » Licensing and Permits » Mining » Minerals Permit Minerals Permit Overview The service is granted to companies or individuals who intend to carry out small scale mining operations which fits the following criteria: Total investment in fixed assets of the project under BWP 1,000,000.00 Production of not more than 50,000 tonnes per annum. Concession area of not more than 0.5 square kilometres for minerals other than diamonds. Who is eligible? Citizens and non-citizens Citizens eighteen (18) years and above. Non-citizens eighteen (18) years or above who have been residents of Botswana for a period of four (4) years or more. Any person who is not an undischarged bankrupt, having been adjudged or otherwise declared bankrupt under the laws of Botswana or elsewhere. Not convicted within the previous ten (10) years of any offence of (dishonesty) or offence under MMA or any related or similar act in Botswana, or elsewhere and sentenced to imprisonment with no option of fine or fine exceeding BWP 1000.00 or equivalent. Company Has established domicilium citandi et executandi in Botswana. Incorporated under the Company Act and carries business of mining under the licence. Not in liquidation or under judicial management except where such liquidation or judicial management is part of scheme for reconstruction or amalgamation of such company. None of the Directors or Shareholders are disqualified as an individual under above requirements of an individual. Minerals Permit for industrial minerals are reserved for citizens of Botswana, except in cases where the Minister may grant the Permit to non-citizens for work that is in the public interest. How do I get this service? Obtain letter of Intent to Apply for Minerals Permit from Department of Mines. Download, complete Minerals Permit Application Form VII and submit with supporting documents to the nearest office of the Department of Mines. Obtain surface rights from the land authority or land owner with a stamped sketch plan showing coordinates. Obtain authorisation for Environmental Impact Assessment/Environmental Management Plan from Department of Environmental Affairs (DEA). Obtain Archaeological Clearance with location coordinates from Department of National Museum and Monuments (DNMM). What supporting documents are required? Company documents and certified identity documents of directors and shareholders. Proposed mining programme. Proposed rehabilitation programme. Letter of Surface rights from land owner. Letter of authorisation from DEA. Letter of authorisation from DNMM. If applying within a conservation area, clearance from Department of Wildlife and National Parks. Copy of Letter of Intent to Apply for a Minerals Permit. How long will this service take? Fifteen (15) working days. How much does it cost? An annual lease rental fee charged at BWP 100.00 per square kilometre. The first annual lease is paid on receiving of the minerals permit and then paid annually on anniversary of the permit. Where can I get more information on this Service Department of Mines Government Enclave, Block 6 Khama Crescent (Ministry of Basic Education building, floor 4) P/Bag 0049 Gaborone Botswana Khama Crescent Tel. (+267) 365 7000 Fax. (+267) 395 2141 Email: mines [at] gov.bw Opening hours: 7:30 to 12:45 and 13:45 to 16:30, Monday to Friday, except public holidays Related Forms Mining license Application Form(Issue) (105.46 KB) Minerals permit application form(issue/permit) (91.57 KB) Prospecting license application form(issue/renewal) (97.42 KB) Retention license application form(issue/renewal) (110.68 KB) Give Us Feedback Your name Your email address Subject Message Link Footer Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Give Us Feedback enquiries [at] gov.bw () Copyright © 2022. All right reserved. Government of Botswana.