National HIV Testing Services  | Government of Botswana Skip to main content GOV.BW Search Main navigation Home Services Agriculture Benefits and Payments Culture, Sports and Tourism Education and Learning Health and Wellness Immigration and Civil Registration Labour and Employment Land, Construction and Housing Law, Crime and Justice Living in Botswana Licensing & Permits Natural Resources and Environment Social Services Trade and Industry Transport and Communications Service Links Administration of Justice Animal Traceability and Identification Independent Electoral commission Laws of Botswana Ministry of Finance and Economic Development Parliament of Botswana Tourism Services Trade and Industry Vehicle License Renewal e-visa e-Services About Government Contact Us Ministries and Agencies Parastatals Publications Local Authorities Land Boards About Botswana About our Country Public Holidays School Terms News & Events Events News Press Releases Contact Us COVID-19 Breadcrumb Home » Health and Wellness » Disease Prevention & Control » National HIV Testing Services National HIV Testing Services Overview Provides HIV/AIDS and STI Counselling and Testing Services. Provides Behaviour Change Interventions and Communications (BCIC) on HIV/AIDS. Provides information on HIV/AIDS. Provide technical guidance to HIV/AIDS workplace programmes. Who is eligible? Citizens and non-citizens of all ages. How do I get this service? Visit nearest health facilities- both public and private; as well as designated civil society organizations for HIV testing services. The service can also be provided on a personal request basis. What supporting documents are required? Birth certificate. National Identity card (Omang) for citizens. Passport for non-citizens. How long will this service take? Same day test results. Fourteen (14) working days for infants less than eighteen (18) months. How much does it cost? Free Where can I obtain this service? Visit nearest health facilities- both public and private; as well as designated civil society organizations for HIV testing services. Where can I get more information on this Service Ministry of Health and Wellness Department of Health Services HTS office 2C6 Tel: 3632313 Give Us Feedback Your name Your email address Subject Message Link Footer Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Give Us Feedback enquiries [at] gov.bw () Copyright © 2022. All right reserved. Government of Botswana.