National Archives - Educational Tour | Government of Botswana Skip to main content GOV.BW Search Main navigation Home Services Agriculture Benefits and Payments Culture, Sports and Tourism Education and Learning Health and Wellness Immigration and Civil Registration Labour and Employment Land, Construction and Housing Law, Crime and Justice Living in Botswana Licensing & Permits Natural Resources and Environment Social Services Trade and Industry Transport and Communications Service Links Administration of Justice Animal Traceability and Identification Independent Electoral commission Laws of Botswana Ministry of Finance and Economic Development Parliament of Botswana Tourism Services Trade and Industry Vehicle License Renewal e-visa e-Services About Government Contact Us Ministries and Agencies Parastatals Publications Local Authorities Land Boards About Botswana About our Country Public Holidays School Terms News & Events Events News Press Releases Contact Us COVID-19 Breadcrumb Home » Culture, Sports and Tourism » Culture » National Archives - Educational Tour National Archives - Educational Tour Overview The Botswana National Archives and Records Services (BNARS) facilitates guided educational tours of the National Archives to students of all levels (primary, secondary and tertiary) and the public. Who is eligible? Educational Institutions and the public. How do I get this service? Download, complete and submit the BNARS Educational or Institutional Tour Booking Form at least 2 weeks prior to tour to BNARS HQ through email, fax or call. What supporting documents are required? None. How long will this service take? Ten (10) working days depending on the availability of dates. How much does it cost? No cost. Where can I obtain this service? BNARS Headquarters Kanye, Gaborone and Francistown Records Centres Where can I get more information on this Service Botswana National Archives and Records Services Headquarters Corner State Drive and Parliament Drive Government Enclave P.O. Box 239 Gaborone Botswana Tel: +267 3911820 Fax: +267 3908545 Email: archives [at] gov.bw Facebook Page: Botswana National Archives and Records Services Opening hours: 07:30 to 12:45 and 13:45 to 1630 Monday to Friday, Saturday 09:00 to 12:00 except Sundays and Public Holidays. Related Forms BNARS ARCHIVES EDUCATIONAL TOUR FORM (49.27 KB) Give Us Feedback Your name Your email address Subject Message Link Footer Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Give Us Feedback enquiries [at] gov.bw () Copyright © 2022. All right reserved. Government of Botswana.