National Archives Research Enquiry  | Government of Botswana Skip to main content GOV.BW Search Main navigation Home Services Agriculture Benefits and Payments Culture, Sports and Tourism Education and Learning Health and Wellness Immigration and Civil Registration Labour and Employment Land, Construction and Housing Law, Crime and Justice Living in Botswana Licensing & Permits Natural Resources and Environment Social Services Trade and Industry Transport and Communications Service Links Administration of Justice Animal Traceability and Identification Independent Electoral commission Laws of Botswana Ministry of Finance and Economic Development Parliament of Botswana Tourism Services Trade and Industry Vehicle License Renewal e-visa e-Services About Government Contact Us Ministries and Agencies Parastatals Publications Local Authorities Land Boards About Botswana About our Country Public Holidays School Terms News & Events Events News Press Releases Contact Us COVID-19 Breadcrumb Home » Culture, Sports and Tourism » Culture » National Archives Research Enquiry National Archives Research Enquiry Overview Botswana National Archives and Records Services (BNARS) receives and responds to general enquiries pertaining to collection (archival materials) such as books, files, audio tapes, videos and micro films from anyone who intends to do a research. Who is eligible? Citizens and non-citizens How do I get this service? 1) Download, complete and submit the BNARS Searchroom Enquiry Form to BNARS Headquarters or email. 2) Submit the form in one of the following ways: Email: archives [at] gov.bw Call Telephone number: +267 391-1820 What supporting documents are required? None How long will this service take? Two (2) days How much does it cost? No cost Where can I obtain this service? Botswana National Archives and Records Services Headquarters in Gaborone Kanye and Francistown Records Centres Where can I get more information on this Service Botswana National Archives and Records Services Headquarters Corner State Drive and Parliament Drive Government Enclave P.O. Box 239 Gaborone Botswana Tel: (+267) 3911820 Fax: (+267) 3908545 Email: archives [at] gov.bw Facebook Page: Botswana National Archives and Records Services Opening hours: 07:30 to 12:45 and 13:45 to 16:30, Monday to Friday, Saturdays from 09:00 to 12:00 except Sundays and Public Holidays. Related Forms BNARS ARCHIVES SEARCH ROOM INQUIRY FORM (54.29 KB) Give Us Feedback Your name Your email address Subject Message Link Footer Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Give Us Feedback enquiries [at] gov.bw () Copyright © 2022. All right reserved. Government of Botswana.