National ARV Program | Government of Botswana Skip to main content GOV.BW Search Main navigation Home Services Agriculture Benefits and Payments Culture, Sports and Tourism Education and Learning Health and Wellness Immigration and Civil Registration Labour and Employment Land, Construction and Housing Law, Crime and Justice Living in Botswana Licensing & Permits Natural Resources and Environment Social Services Trade and Industry Transport and Communications Service Links Administration of Justice Animal Traceability and Identification Independent Electoral commission Laws of Botswana Ministry of Finance and Economic Development Parliament of Botswana Tourism Services Trade and Industry Vehicle License Renewal e-visa e-Services About Government Contact Us Ministries and Agencies Parastatals Publications Local Authorities Land Boards About Botswana About our Country Public Holidays School Terms News & Events Events News Press Releases Contact Us COVID-19 Breadcrumb Home » Health and Wellness » Disease Prevention & Control » National ARV Program National ARV Program Overview Provision of free Antiretroviral (ARV) treatment to all people who are HIV positive. Who is eligible? Every person (adults & children) who tests HIV positive in Botswana is eligible to start ARV treatment including non-citizens residing in Botswana. Anyone who tests HIV positive is advised to go to the nearest health facility to start treatment either on the same day or at least within seven days of HIV diagnosis. How do I get this service? Visit your nearest public health facility across the country: (Hospitals, Clinics and Health Posts) or private health facility, some of Tebelopele offices and Botswana Family Welfare Association (BOFWA) sites. What supporting documents are required? National Identity Card (Omang). Passport for Non-citizens. HIV positive test result paper. How long will this service take? Immediate, i.e. either on the same day or within seven days. How much does it cost? BWP5.00 consultation fee for citizens. P30 for non-citizens. Apart from the fees required for all medical consultations, there is no additional cost for ARV treatment. The government provides ARV treatment and HIV related laboratory testing free of charge for all. Where can I obtain this service? All health facilities Where can I get more information on this Service In all health facilities. Specific information may be obtained from the ARV program at Ministry of Health and Wellness. Give Us Feedback Your name Your email address Subject Message Link Footer Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Give Us Feedback enquiries [at] gov.bw () Copyright © 2022. All right reserved. Government of Botswana.