National Identity Card Application | Government of Botswana Skip to main content GOV.BW Search Main navigation Home Services Agriculture Benefits and Payments Culture, Sports and Tourism Education and Learning Health and Wellness Immigration and Civil Registration Labour and Employment Land, Construction and Housing Law, Crime and Justice Living in Botswana Licensing & Permits Natural Resources and Environment Social Services Trade and Industry Transport and Communications Service Links Administration of Justice Animal Traceability and Identification Independent Electoral commission Laws of Botswana Ministry of Finance and Economic Development Parliament of Botswana Tourism Services Trade and Industry Vehicle License Renewal e-visa e-Services About Government Contact Us Ministries and Agencies Parastatals Publications Local Authorities Land Boards About Botswana About our Country Public Holidays School Terms News & Events Events News Press Releases Contact Us COVID-19 Breadcrumb Home » Immigration and Civil Registration » Civil Registration » National Identity Card Application National Identity Card Application Overview This service registers citizens aged 16 years and above and issues them with a National Identity Document (Omang). The Omang Card is used as a form of identity and for accessing services. Who is eligible? All citizens of Botswana who are 16 years and above are eligible for this service. How do I get this service? In order to access this service, applicants must complete the following steps: For applicants applying for an Omang Card for the first time, complete and submit the Application for Registration (1st Schedule). For applicants applying for an Omang Card due to loss, renewal, theft, damage or change of surname, complete and submit the Application for Replacement. Along with the application form, submit the required documents (listed below) and provide finger prints. At the time of submission, a receipt will be issued to the applicant. The form is then forwarded to a centralized production center for processing. Upon successful processing, an Identity is issued for collection by the client. A receipt of submission is required when collecting the Identity Card. New applications done after 30 days of the applicant’s sixteenth birthday or acquiring citizenship are referred to as late registration. Applicants will be referred to the Botswana Police Service for cautioning and fining before collecting the Identity. What supporting documents are required? Birth certificate Citizenship certificate Proof of change of surname for applications due to change of surname How long will this service take? Fourteen(14) working days. How much does it cost? Where Identity Card is registered within the prescribed time (30 days after attaining 16 years of age or acquiring citizenship), an Identity card is issued for free. Any registration done after that period attracts a fine not exceeding BWP500.00 A fee of BWP5.00 is payable for renewals, change of surname, and damaged Identity. A fee of BWP110.00 is payable for lost and stolen Identity Card. Where can I obtain this service? All Regional and District ofices accross the country Department of Civil and National Registration Head Office, Block 8, Government Enclave Khama Crescent Private Bag 00240 Gaborone, Botswana Tel. (+267) 361 1400 Fax. (+267) 395 9998 Toll Free Number. 0800 600 777 Opening hours: 7:30 to 12:45, and 13:45 to 16:30, Monday to Friday, except public holidays. Give Us Feedback Your name Your email address Subject Message Link Footer Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Give Us Feedback enquiries [at] gov.bw () Copyright © 2022. All right reserved. Government of Botswana.