National Internship Program | Government of Botswana Skip to main content GOV.BW Search Main navigation Home Services Agriculture Benefits and Payments Culture, Sports and Tourism Education and Learning Health and Wellness Immigration and Civil Registration Labour and Employment Land, Construction and Housing Law, Crime and Justice Living in Botswana Licensing & Permits Natural Resources and Environment Social Services Trade and Industry Transport and Communications Service Links Administration of Justice Animal Traceability and Identification Independent Electoral commission Laws of Botswana Ministry of Finance and Economic Development Parliament of Botswana Tourism Services Trade and Industry Vehicle License Renewal e-visa e-Services About Government Contact Us Ministries and Agencies Parastatals Publications Local Authorities Land Boards About Botswana About our Country Public Holidays School Terms News & Events Events News Press Releases Contact Us COVID-19 Breadcrumb Home » Labour and Employment » Employment & Apprentice » National Internship Program National Internship Program Overview The program offers unemployed citizen graduates a chance to develop work skills and experience that will support them in the transition from school-life/academia to the working environment through attachments in various organisations in Botswana. Placement is done for a maximum period of two (2) years by the Department of National Service and Internship which matches the applicant’s credentials to available job profiles requested by host organisations. Selection is done on a first come basis by considering the available vacancy, qualification and place of service. Who is eligible? College or university graduate citizens under the age of thirty five(35) How do I get this service? Complete and submit the National Service and Internship Application Form with supporting documents at any National Internship Office or Ministry of Youth, Sport and Culture (MYSC) District Offices Receive acknowledgement letter with a reference number for future enquiries The applicant will receive a telephone call once placement is secured by the Department of National Service and Internship Graduates express intention to enroll through an Application Form Government departments, Parastatals, Non-Governmental Organisations (NGO)s and CBOs express intention to enroll graduates through a Request Form Graduate participants can transfer once after three (3) months by filling a Transfer Form Graduate participants are eligible for monthly allowance by submitting a Confirmation Form Graduate participants can choose to exit the programme before end of two years for various reasons by filling an Exit Form. Graduate participants can opt for reinstatement by filling a Reinstatement Form Graduate participants' performance is monitored through a Workplan Form What supporting documents are required? A certified copy of National Identity Card (Omang) A certified copy of academic qualifications Curriculum Vitae Academic/ Professional References How long will this service take? Thirty (30) working days depending on availability. How much does it cost? No cost Where can I obtain this service? MYSC Headquarters and District offices Where can I get more information on this Service MYSC District Offices Opening hours: 07:30 to 12:45 and 13:45 to 1630 Monday to Friday except Public Holidays. Related Forms DNSI Request Form (164.53 KB) Exit Report Form.pdf (123.16 KB) Participant Reinstatement form (168.58 KB) Participant Application for Transfer Form (151.73 KB) Monthly Confirmation for Allowance Payment (217.71 KB) Related Documents DNSI Guidelines (427.24 KB) DNSI Supervisors Guide (114.34 KB) Give Us Feedback Your name Your email address Subject Message Link Footer Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Give Us Feedback enquiries [at] gov.bw () Copyright © 2022. All right reserved. Government of Botswana.