National Appeals Board | Government of Botswana Skip to main content GOV.BW Search Main navigation Home Services Agriculture Benefits and Payments Culture, Sports and Tourism Education and Learning Health and Wellness Immigration and Civil Registration Labour and Employment Land, Construction and Housing Law, Crime and Justice Living in Botswana Licensing & Permits Natural Resources and Environment Social Services Trade and Industry Transport and Communications Service Links Administration of Justice Animal Traceability and Identification Independent Electoral commission Laws of Botswana Ministry of Finance and Economic Development Parliament of Botswana Tourism Services Trade and Industry Vehicle License Renewal e-visa e-Services About Government Contact Us Ministries and Agencies Parastatals Publications Local Authorities Land Boards About Botswana About our Country Public Holidays School Terms News & Events Events News Press Releases Contact Us COVID-19 Breadcrumb Home » Culture, Sports and Tourism » Competition & Sports » National Appeals Board National Appeals Board Overview This board supports athletes who have grievances that need to be addressed. It follows procedures of addressing grievances when a member of Botswana National Sport Council has been aggrieved by decisions of the Council as per Botswana National Sport Council Act CA 60:01. The grievances that (National Appeals Board) NAB addresses emanates from rulings made by Disciplinary Committees of the various National Sport Associations. The National Appeals Board is an independent board and is composed of four persons whom the Minister of Youth Empowerment, Sport and Culture Development has identified to be capable of adjudicating sport appeals. National Appeals Board is housed in the Ministry of Youth Empowerment, Sport & Culture Development. The National Appeals Board acts as the higher tribunal court for Sport issues in Botswana and primarily reviews or hears the appeals before them in a fair manner in line with the existing sport codes and association legislations. Implementation process: Appellant shall also serve all concerned parties with the same documents of the appeal. Once the appeal has been scheduled all concerned parties are notified in writing. The appellant and respondent are allowed to be represented by two representatives. Where the appeal is not complex the NAB Chairperson will announce the ruling at conclusion of presentation by all parties involved. A written judgment will be then delivered at a date to be communicated to concerned parties. Who is eligible? All athletes. How do I get this service? All appeals shall be made in writing and submitted to the Secretary of the National Appeals Board housed in the Ministry of Youth Empowerment, Sport & Culture Development. All appeals should be submitted within seven (7) working days after receipt of the Disciplinary Committee ruling. Appeals should be accompanied by a fee of BWP 50.00 What supporting documents are required? Only appellant letter. How long will this service take? Seven (7) days. How much does it cost? BWP 50.00 Where can I obtain this service? Ministry of Youth Empowerment, Sport and Culture Development Headquarters. Where can I get more information on this Service Ministry of Youth Empowerment, Sport and Culture Development Y2K Building – Central Business District Plot 54372 Private Bag 00514, Gaborone Botswana Tel. (+267) 3682600 Fax. (+267) 3913473 Toll Free No. 0800 600 883 Related Documents SPORT AND RECREATION NATIONAL APPEALS BOARD PROCEDURES (49.03 KB) Give Us Feedback Your name Your email address Subject Message Link Footer Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Give Us Feedback enquiries [at] gov.bw () Copyright © 2022. All right reserved. Government of Botswana.