Nomination of Candidates for Elections | Government of Botswana Skip to main content GOV.BW Search Main navigation Home Services Agriculture Benefits and Payments Culture, Sports and Tourism Education and Learning Health and Wellness Immigration and Civil Registration Labour and Employment Land, Construction and Housing Law, Crime and Justice Living in Botswana Licensing & Permits Natural Resources and Environment Social Services Trade and Industry Transport and Communications Service Links Administration of Justice Animal Traceability and Identification Independent Electoral commission Laws of Botswana Ministry of Finance and Economic Development Parliament of Botswana Tourism Services Trade and Industry Vehicle License Renewal e-visa e-Services About Government Contact Us Ministries and Agencies Parastatals Publications Local Authorities Land Boards About Botswana About our Country Public Holidays School Terms News & Events Events News Press Releases Contact Us COVID-19 Breadcrumb Home » Living in Botswana » Voting » Nomination of Candidates for Elections Nomination of Candidates for Elections Overview Upon the calling of a National Assembly or Local Government elections, any person wishing to run as a candidate in the election, must be nominated by nine (9) supporters. Who is eligible? Candidates for National Assembly and Local Government elections must be: Citizens of Botswana holding a valid National Identify Card (Omang), Eighteen (18) years of age or above, Valid voter registration card . In addition, candidates for National Assembly must be able to read and write in English. How do I get this service? In order to be nominated for National Assembly and Local Government elections, potential candidates must complete the following steps: After a Writ of Election (National Assembly) or Election Instrument (Local Government Election) stating the date and hours of nomination has been issued, prospective candidates should complete Form O – Nomination Paper, ensuring that it contains endorsements from at least nine supporters who are on the election roll for the electoral district for which the candidate wishes to seek election. The candidate and his/her supporters should bring the completed Nomination Paper and supporting documents (listed below) to the Nomination Centre for their district. The location, date and hours within which candidates shall present their nomination papers will be included in the Writ of Election or the Election Instrument. If any proposer, seconder or supporter is unable to sign their name, they affix their mark in place of signature and such mark is witnessed by a person who can sign his name; such witness in addition to their signature, writes their name clearly immediately under such signature. The candidate pays a deposit: to any Government Revenue Office prior to presenting his/her Nomination Paper; or to the Returning Officer at the time of presenting the Nomination Papers. If the deposit was made at a Government Revenue Office, the official receipt must be presented to the Returning Officer along with the Nomination Papers. The Returning Officer will examine the Nomination Paper and supporting documents presented and will determine if they are valid. If they are deemed valid, the candidate will be considered nominated for the election. If a candidate’s Nomination papers are ruled invalid, the candidate may submit a second Nomination Paper as long as it is submitted before the close of nominations. A candidate may at any time before the close of nominations withdraw his candidature by giving written notice to the Returning Officer signed by himself/herself. What supporting documents are required? Nominees will require: Nomination Paper (Form O) Deposit receipt (if made in advance) Valid National Identity card (Omang) Valid Voters' registration card Nominees and their supporters require: Valid National Identity card (Omang) Valid Voters' registration card How long will this service take? The process of verification of the Nomination Paper and supporting documentation should take approximately 5 minutes. How much does it cost? A cash deposit of BWP 500 for National Assembly elections or BWP 100 for Local Government elections is required. Deposits will be returned if: The candidate dies before the date of the election; The election is declared void; The candidate withdraws his candidature before the close of nominations; The candidate obtains 1/12 of the total number of votes cast in the election; or The candidate’s nomination is invalid. Where can I get more information on this Service Please contact the office listed below. The Secretary Independent Electoral Commission Private Bag 00284 Gaborone, Botswana Phone: (+267) 361 2400 Toll free No: 0800 600 710 Fax: (+267) 3900581/3905205/3190889 Website: www.iec.gov.bw , Facebook: IEC Botswana Email: iec_info [at] gov.bw Opening hours: 06:30 to 19:00 on Election Day. Additional information can also be obtained in the Electoral Act. http://www.elaws.gov.bw Related Services Provision of Voters Roll Give Us Feedback Your name Your email address Subject Message Link Footer Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Give Us Feedback enquiries [at] gov.bw () Copyright © 2022. All right reserved. Government of Botswana.