Objection to Voter During Poll | Government of Botswana Skip to main content GOV.BW Search Main navigation Home Services Agriculture Benefits and Payments Culture, Sports and Tourism Education and Learning Health and Wellness Immigration and Civil Registration Labour and Employment Land, Construction and Housing Law, Crime and Justice Living in Botswana Licensing & Permits Natural Resources and Environment Social Services Trade and Industry Transport and Communications Service Links Administration of Justice Animal Traceability and Identification Independent Electoral commission Laws of Botswana Ministry of Finance and Economic Development Parliament of Botswana Tourism Services Trade and Industry Vehicle License Renewal e-visa e-Services About Government Contact Us Ministries and Agencies Parastatals Publications Local Authorities Land Boards About Botswana About our Country Public Holidays School Terms News & Events Events News Press Releases Contact Us COVID-19 Breadcrumb Home » Living in Botswana » Voting » Objection to Voter During Poll Objection to Voter During Poll Overview A candidate, polling agent or voter may object to another voter at the polls on the following grounds: They believe the voter is not the voter named on the Voter Registration Card; They believe the voter has voted before in the same election; or They believe that the voter is disqualified from voting in the election. Who is eligible? Citizens of Botswana, 18 years or above who hold a valid voters’ registration card. How do I get this service? Complete Form Q (Objection to Voter) before a presiding election officer at the poll. This declaration is made under oath. If the voter does not respond to the objection by making a written declaration using Form R, the presiding election officer will either: Not issue a ballot to that person. If a ballot was already issued, but the voter has not yet entered the polling booth, the officer will impound and cancel the ballot paper. If a ballot was already issued and the voter has already cast the ballot, the presiding elections officer will make a notation on the election roll sating, "protested against under section 57". What supporting documents are required? Voter Registration Card Form Q – (Objection to Voter) How long will this service take? Within 10 minutes of application at the poll. How much does it cost? There is no fee for this service. Where can I get more information on this Service Please contact the office listed below. The Secretary Independent Electoral Commission Private Bag 00284 Gaborone, Botswana Phone: (+267) 361 2400 Toll free No: 0800 600 710 Fax: (+267) 3900581/3905205/3190889 Website: www.iec.gov.bw , Facebook: IEC Botswana Email: iec_info [at] gov.bw Opening hours: 06:30 to 19:00 on Polling day. Additional information can also be obtained in the Electoral Act. Related Services Voter Registration Voting Facilitation Give Us Feedback Your name Your email address Subject Message Link Footer Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Give Us Feedback enquiries [at] gov.bw () Copyright © 2022. All right reserved. Government of Botswana.