Objection to Voter by a Voter | Government of Botswana Skip to main content GOV.BW Search Main navigation Home Services Agriculture Benefits and Payments Culture, Sports and Tourism Education and Learning Health and Wellness Immigration and Civil Registration Labour and Employment Land, Construction and Housing Law, Crime and Justice Living in Botswana Licensing & Permits Natural Resources and Environment Social Services Trade and Industry Transport and Communications Service Links Administration of Justice Animal Traceability and Identification Independent Electoral commission Laws of Botswana Ministry of Finance and Economic Development Parliament of Botswana Tourism Services Trade and Industry Vehicle License Renewal e-visa e-Services About Government Contact Us Ministries and Agencies Parastatals Publications Local Authorities Land Boards About Botswana About our Country Public Holidays School Terms News & Events Events News Press Releases Contact Us COVID-19 Breadcrumb Home » Living in Botswana » Voting » Objection to Voter by a Voter Objection to Voter by a Voter Overview Any person whose name is included in a voters roll for any constituency may object to the inclusion of any other person in a voters roll for that same constituency. Who is eligible? Citizens of Botswana, eighteen (18) years or above who hold a valid voters’ registration card for the same constituency as the voter he/she is making an objection about. How do I get this service? Same process as an appeal: Complete Notice of Objection to a Voter by a Voter (Form G) Within twenty one (21) days of the publication of a supplementary roll or forty two (42) days of the publication of a general roll, deliver the completed Form G together with a deposit of BWP 10.00 to the Principal Registration Officer for the appropriate constituency. The Principal Registration Officer will arrange for the objection to be heard by a Magistrate and will notify you and the person you are objecting to of the date and location for the hearing. The Principal Registration Officer will also forward a copy of the objection to the person you are objecting about. The decision of the Magistrate is final and cannot be appealed further. If the objection is successful, the objector will be refunded the BWP 10.00 deposit. Should the appeal not be successful, the BWP 10.00 deposit will not be refunded. In addition, if the magistrate feels that the objection was made without reasonable cause, he may order the objector to pay to the person to whom the objection relates such sum not exceeding P500. What supporting documents are required? Valid Voter Registration Card Notice of Objection to a Voter by a Voter (Form G) Valid National Identity Card (Omang) How long will this service take? After delivery of the Notice of Objection to the Principal Registration Officer, it should take approximately two (2) weeks for the magistrate to hear the objection. How much does it cost? BWP 10.00 deposit. Where can I get more information on this Service Please contact the office listed below. The Secretary Independent Electoral Commission Private Bag 00284 Gaborone, Botswana Phone: (+267) 361 2400 Toll free No: 0800 600 710 Fax: (+267) 3900581/3905205/3190889 Website: www.iec.gov.bw , Facebook: IEC Botswana Email: iec_info [at] gov.bw Opening hours: 07:30 to 12:45 and 13:45 to 16:30 Monday to Friday, except weekends and public holidays. Additional information can also be obtained in the Electoral Act. Related Services Voter Registration Give Us Feedback Your name Your email address Subject Message Link Footer Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Give Us Feedback enquiries [at] gov.bw () Copyright © 2022. All right reserved. Government of Botswana.