Oral Health Services | Government of Botswana Skip to main content GOV.BW Search Main navigation Home Services Agriculture Benefits and Payments Culture, Sports and Tourism Education and Learning Health and Wellness Immigration and Civil Registration Labour and Employment Land, Construction and Housing Law, Crime and Justice Living in Botswana Licensing & Permits Natural Resources and Environment Social Services Trade and Industry Transport and Communications Service Links Administration of Justice Animal Traceability and Identification Independent Electoral commission Laws of Botswana Ministry of Finance and Economic Development Parliament of Botswana Tourism Services Trade and Industry Vehicle License Renewal e-visa e-Services About Government Contact Us Ministries and Agencies Parastatals Publications Local Authorities Land Boards About Botswana About our Country Public Holidays School Terms News & Events Events News Press Releases Contact Us COVID-19 Breadcrumb Home » Health and Wellness » Public Health Services » Oral Health Services Oral Health Services Overview The provision of Oral Health Services to the nation according to client’s requirement. It starts with Oral Examination as requested by the client to provision of the necessary treatment according to the client’s requirement and the final diagnosis of what the clients is suffering from or presenting with at the particular time. Oral Health Education is also provided to equip individuals and groups with the necessary information for prevention of oral diseases. Who is eligible? Citizen and non-citizens. How do I get this service? Visit any health facility. What supporting documents are required? Hospital card. National Identity card (Omang) for citizens. Passport for non-citizens. How long will this service take? The time is dependent on the procedure that needs to be done. How much does it cost? BWP 5.00 for citizens BWP50.00 for non-citizens if attended by Oral Health Personnel and P80.00 if seen by a Specialist; however, they are offered consultation and treatment only for Emergencies. Where can I obtain this service? Visit any health facility Where can I get more information on this Service Ministry of Health and Wellness Headquarters. Department of Community Health Services Health Promotion and Education Division Oral Health Unit 3632109 Give Us Feedback Your name Your email address Subject Message Link Footer Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Give Us Feedback enquiries [at] gov.bw () Copyright © 2022. All right reserved. Government of Botswana.