Permit to Carry Explosives in Bulk  | Government of Botswana Skip to main content GOV.BW Search Main navigation Home Services Agriculture Benefits and Payments Culture, Sports and Tourism Education and Learning Health and Wellness Immigration and Civil Registration Labour and Employment Land, Construction and Housing Law, Crime and Justice Living in Botswana Licensing & Permits Natural Resources and Environment Social Services Trade and Industry Transport and Communications Service Links Administration of Justice Animal Traceability and Identification Independent Electoral commission Laws of Botswana Ministry of Finance and Economic Development Parliament of Botswana Tourism Services Trade and Industry Vehicle License Renewal e-visa e-Services About Government Contact Us Ministries and Agencies Parastatals Publications Local Authorities Land Boards About Botswana About our Country Public Holidays School Terms News & Events Events News Press Releases Contact Us COVID-19 Breadcrumb Home » Licensing and Permits » Mining » Permit to Carry Explosives in Bulk Permit to Carry Explosives in Bulk Overview To ensure lawful, safe and secure conveyance of explosives in Botswana. Who is eligible? Citizens and Non-Citizens. How do I get this service? Modify the vehicle as per the Explosives Act Cap 24:02 and provided checklist for Permit to carry explosives in bulk. Submit vehicle registration book. Submit completed application letter for inspection of the vehicle. What supporting documents are required? Application letter. Vehicle registration book. How long will this service take? 5 working days from the date of inspection. How much does it cost? None. Where can I obtain this service? Director Department of Mines Ministry of Education building floor 4 P/Bag 0049 Gaborone Botswana Government Enclave, Block 6 Khama Crescent Tel. (+267) 365 7000 Fax. (+267) 395 2141 Email: mines [at] gov.bw Opening hours: 7:30 to 12:45 and 13:45 to 16:30, Monday to Friday, except public holidays Where can I get more information on this Service Director Department of Mines P/Bag F0081 Francistown Botswana Plot 1280, Government Camp Tel. (+267) 245 0200 Fax. (+267) 240 6004 Email: mines [at] gov.bw Give Us Feedback Your name Your email address Subject Message Link Footer Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Give Us Feedback enquiries [at] gov.bw () Copyright © 2022. All right reserved. Government of Botswana.