Permanent Residence Application | Government of Botswana Skip to main content GOV.BW Search Main navigation Home Services Agriculture Benefits and Payments Culture, Sports and Tourism Education and Learning Health and Wellness Immigration and Civil Registration Labour and Employment Land, Construction and Housing Law, Crime and Justice Living in Botswana Licensing & Permits Natural Resources and Environment Social Services Trade and Industry Transport and Communications Service Links Administration of Justice Animal Traceability and Identification Independent Electoral commission Laws of Botswana Ministry of Finance and Economic Development Parliament of Botswana Tourism Services Trade and Industry Vehicle License Renewal e-visa e-Services About Government Contact Us Ministries and Agencies Parastatals Publications Local Authorities Land Boards About Botswana About our Country Public Holidays School Terms News & Events Events News Press Releases Contact Us COVID-19 Breadcrumb Home » Immigration and Civil Registration » residency and work » Permanent Residence Application Permanent Residence Application Overview This service provides applicants with an opportunity to be granted permanent residence status. Who is eligible? Non-citizens who meet the following criteria are eligible for this service. Resided lawfully in Botswana continuously for at least 5 years Be of good character Have made significant contributions to Botswana Be of good standing in the society Have enough means to support oneself and dependents How do I get this service? In order to access this service, applicants must complete the following steps. Go to any Immigration and Citizenship Office Complete Form 21 Submit required documents (listed below), fees and completed form to the Department of Immigration and Citizenship (address provided below) Applicants are also allowed to track the application via phone A letter will be sent by post Come and collect your Permanent Certificate from the office where an application was made What supporting documents are required? Requirements Applicable to All Covering letter from the applicant Two copies of valid certified passport Two recent coloured passport size photos per applicant Certified marriage certificate if applicable For immigrants/dependents/missionaries Letter of support from supporter/spouse/mission Proof of means of support in Botswana Most recent month’s bank statement Employees Curriculum Vitae Certified educational certificates of the highest level of education obtained Reference letter from employer Letter of job offer from employer Investors Wages sheet of employees which indicates the duration of employment of employees Certified copies of identity cards for citizen employees Submit valid and certified copies of the following: Valuation of shares. Share certificate. Certificate of incorporation. Form 2 - List of directors. Current year’s financial statements. Title deed/lease agreement of business premise(s). Trading license. Most recent year’s tax return. How long will this service take? This service takes six months. How much does it cost? The cost associated with this service is BWP 3000.00 per applicant. Where can I obtain this service? All Regional Immigration Offices, District Immigration Offices. Department of Immigration and Citizenship Ministry of Nationality, Immigration and Gender Affairs Tel. (+267) 361 1300 Toll Free. 0800 600 777 Opening hours: 7:30 to 12:45, and 13:45 to 16:30, Monday to Friday, except public holidays. Give Us Feedback Your name Your email address Subject Message Link Footer Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Give Us Feedback enquiries [at] gov.bw () Copyright © 2022. All right reserved. Government of Botswana.