Plant Disease Identification  | Government of Botswana Skip to main content GOV.BW Search Main navigation Home Services Agriculture Benefits and Payments Culture, Sports and Tourism Education and Learning Health and Wellness Immigration and Civil Registration Labour and Employment Land, Construction and Housing Law, Crime and Justice Living in Botswana Licensing & Permits Natural Resources and Environment Social Services Trade and Industry Transport and Communications Service Links Administration of Justice Animal Traceability and Identification Independent Electoral commission Laws of Botswana Ministry of Finance and Economic Development Parliament of Botswana Tourism Services Trade and Industry Vehicle License Renewal e-visa e-Services About Government Contact Us Ministries and Agencies Parastatals Publications Local Authorities Land Boards About Botswana About our Country Public Holidays School Terms News & Events Events News Press Releases Contact Us COVID-19 Breadcrumb Home » Agriculture » Crop Production » Plant Disease Identification Plant Disease Identification Overview This service provides applicants with a means by which to identify plant diseases and to receive recommendations on control measures. Who is eligible? Any person, citizens or non-citizens interested in crop disease identification and control is welcomed to apply for this service including: Horticulture farmers Arable farmers Researchers Other Institutions How do I get this service? Complete and submit the Plant Pests Diagnostic Form along with the sample to Plant Pathology Testing Laboratory for testing. After evaluation of the test results, a report will be dispatched and explained. What supporting documents are required? No supporting documents. How long will this service take? Fourteen to Twenty-one (14 to 21) working days depending on the purity of samples received. How much does it cost? No cost. Where can I get more information on this Service Head of Plant Pathology Laboratory Department of Agricultural Research Ministry of Agricultural Development and Food Security Private Bag 0033 Gaborone Botswana 97 Fax.(+267) 3928965/ 3190783 Call Centre: Tel. 17755 Email. moa17755 [at] gov.bw Opening hours: 07:30 to 12:45 then 13:45 to 16:30, Monday to Friday, except public holidays. Related Forms Plant Pests Diagnostic Form_0 (121.24 KB) Give Us Feedback Your name Your email address Subject Message Link Footer Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Give Us Feedback enquiries [at] gov.bw () Copyright © 2022. All right reserved. Government of Botswana.