Police Clearance | Government of Botswana Skip to main content GOV.BW Search Main navigation Home Services Agriculture Benefits and Payments Culture, Sports and Tourism Education and Learning Health and Wellness Immigration and Civil Registration Labour and Employment Land, Construction and Housing Law, Crime and Justice Living in Botswana Licensing & Permits Natural Resources and Environment Social Services Trade and Industry Transport and Communications Service Links Administration of Justice Animal Traceability and Identification Independent Electoral commission Laws of Botswana Ministry of Finance and Economic Development Parliament of Botswana Tourism Services Trade and Industry Vehicle License Renewal e-visa e-Services About Government Contact Us Ministries and Agencies Parastatals Publications Local Authorities Land Boards About Botswana About our Country Public Holidays School Terms News & Events Events News Press Releases Contact Us COVID-19 Breadcrumb Home » Law, Crime and Justice » Public Safety » Police Clearance Police Clearance Overview This service entails verification of fingerprints by the police to confirm whether one has any criminal record or not, for the purpose of employment, studies considerations etc. Who is eligible? All inhabitants of Botswana with valid reasons for clearance. Foreigners who have stayed in Botswana for 6 months or more. How do I get this service? Applicants may submit their request in person, post, or courier to Criminal Record Bureau of the Botswana Police Service. Applications from abroad should include returning postage or courier. No applications shall be sent by fax or email What supporting documents are required? CITIZEN APPLICANTS A set of fingerprints obtained on a recognised fingerprint form from any Police Station nearest to the applicant (even outside Botswana). Valid identification documents (minors included). An application letter or any other supporting document with reasons for application. FOREIGN APPLICANTS A set of fingerprints obtained on a recognized fingerprint form from any Police Station nearest to the applicant (even outside Botswana) Copy of valid passport Copy of either residence or work permit issued to the applicant while residing in Botswana. An application letter or any other supporting document with reasons for the application. How long will this service take? Five (5) working days How much does it cost? Free Where can I obtain this service? Any police station Where can I get more information on this Service Criminal Records Bureau (CRB) Botswana Police Service Private Bag 0400 Gaborone, Botswana Physical Address: Criminal Records Bureau (CRB) Botswana Police Service Zambezi Towers Central Business District Gaborone, Botswana Email: pclearance [at] gov.co.bw Tel: +267 3993803/ 3993882 Website: www.police.gov.bw Opening hours: 7:30 am to 4:30 pm, Monday to Friday, except public holidays Related Services Reporting an Incident to the Police Give Us Feedback Your name Your email address Subject Message Link Footer Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Give Us Feedback enquiries [at] gov.bw () Copyright © 2022. All right reserved. Government of Botswana.