Poultry Abattoir Support Application  | Government of Botswana Skip to main content GOV.BW Search Main navigation Home Services Agriculture Benefits and Payments Culture, Sports and Tourism Education and Learning Health and Wellness Immigration and Civil Registration Labour and Employment Land, Construction and Housing Law, Crime and Justice Living in Botswana Licensing & Permits Natural Resources and Environment Social Services Trade and Industry Transport and Communications Service Links Administration of Justice Animal Traceability and Identification Independent Electoral commission Laws of Botswana Ministry of Finance and Economic Development Parliament of Botswana Tourism Services Trade and Industry Vehicle License Renewal e-visa e-Services About Government Contact Us Ministries and Agencies Parastatals Publications Local Authorities Land Boards About Botswana About our Country Public Holidays School Terms News & Events Events News Press Releases Contact Us COVID-19 Breadcrumb Home » Agriculture » Animal Husbandry » Poultry Abattoir Support Application Poultry Abattoir Support Application Overview This service assists farmers with the building of abattoirs for safe and hygienic processing of poultry. This is a package under the Livestock Management and Infrastructure Development (LIMID) Programme which is a government programme aimed at improving livestock management. The beneficiary is expected to have completed a project within two (2) years after approval. Who is eligible? Citizens eighteen (18) years and above. Small scale poultry (broiler) producers. A cooperative which comprises a minimum of fifteen (15) members How do I get this service? Fill and Submit LIMID 6 – Poultry Abattoir Application Form with the relevant supporting documents. After registration, an animal production officer will contact the applicant in writing with details related to the status of his application. What supporting documents are required? Certified copy of valid National Identity Card (Omang). Certified copy of Landboard certificate. A copy of an approved constitution. A copy of the business plan. Quotations for the items required. How long will this service take? One (1) month if all required documents are submitted. How much does it cost? No cost. Where can I get more information on this Service Department of Animal Production Plot 4701, Mmaraka road Private Bag 0032 Gaborone Botswana Tel. (+267)TEL: (+267) 3689625 3689625 Fax. (+267) 3951120 Call Centre: Tel.17755 Email:moa17755 [at] gov.bw Opening hours: 07:30 to 12:45 then 13:45 to 16:30, Monday to Friday, except public holiday. Related Forms LIMID 6 - Poultry Abatoir Application Form (128.61 KB) Related Documents LIMID Phase II Guidelines (437.55 KB) Guideline for Registration and Licensing of Meat premises (515.53 KB) Give Us Feedback Your name Your email address Subject Message Link Footer Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Give Us Feedback enquiries [at] gov.bw () Copyright © 2022. All right reserved. Government of Botswana.