Poverty Eradication Assistance (Rural Area Development Programme)  | Government of Botswana Skip to main content GOV.BW Search Main navigation Home Services Agriculture Benefits and Payments Culture, Sports and Tourism Education and Learning Health and Wellness Immigration and Civil Registration Labour and Employment Land, Construction and Housing Law, Crime and Justice Living in Botswana Licensing & Permits Natural Resources and Environment Social Services Trade and Industry Transport and Communications Service Links Administration of Justice Animal Traceability and Identification Independent Electoral commission Laws of Botswana Ministry of Finance and Economic Development Parliament of Botswana Tourism Services Trade and Industry Vehicle License Renewal e-visa e-Services About Government Contact Us Ministries and Agencies Parastatals Publications Local Authorities Land Boards About Botswana About our Country Public Holidays School Terms News & Events Events News Press Releases Contact Us COVID-19 Breadcrumb Home » Social Services » Social Upliftment Programme » Poverty Eradication Assistance (Rural Area Development Programme) Poverty Eradication Assistance (Rural Area Development Programme) Overview To ensure that those who are poverty-stricken are able to provide for themselves and their families, the government, with the help of private sector, provides assistance via the Poverty Eradication Programme. Prior to receiving the package, the applicant would be provided with the necessary technical skills and awareness, and business training. Typically, the Poverty Eradication Programme packages are for the following lines of business: Kiosk. Home-based laundry. Leather works. Jam and vegetable pickles. Bakery. Textiles. Food catering. Tent hire. Landscaping. Backyard tree nursery. Hair salon. Backyard gardening. Who is eligible? Citizens 18 years and above, and living below the established Poverty Datum Line How do I get this service? Visit the Social and Community Development office in their area with supporting documents expressing interest in accessing benefits under the Poverty Eradication Programme. The Social and Community Development Officer would provide the applicant with information on the various poverty eradication packages that exist. Based on the information provided, indicate preferred package. The Social and Community Development Officer would provide more detailed information on the preferred package and perform a site visit at an agreed time to assess suitability for the requested package. If the officer determines that the site is not suitable for the preferred package, the applicant is advised and guided through the selection of another, more suitable package. What supporting documents are required? The following documents are necessary to access this service: National Identification Card (Omang). Social Enquiry Form (available at urban and district council offices and to be filled by the Social and Community Development Officer). How long will this service take? Two (2) months. Where can I get more information on this Service Contact any of the Botswana Urban and District Council Offices, Opening hours:- 07:30 to 16:30, Monday to Friday, except public holidays. Related Documents Local Authorities Contacts (406.98 KB) Give Us Feedback Your name Your email address Subject Message Link Footer Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Give Us Feedback enquiries [at] gov.bw () Copyright © 2022. All right reserved. Government of Botswana.