Poverty Eradication Programme | Government of Botswana Skip to main content GOV.BW Search Main navigation Home Services Agriculture Benefits and Payments Culture, Sports and Tourism Education and Learning Health and Wellness Immigration and Civil Registration Labour and Employment Land, Construction and Housing Law, Crime and Justice Living in Botswana Licensing & Permits Natural Resources and Environment Social Services Trade and Industry Transport and Communications Service Links Administration of Justice Animal Traceability and Identification Independent Electoral commission Laws of Botswana Ministry of Finance and Economic Development Parliament of Botswana Tourism Services Trade and Industry Vehicle License Renewal e-visa e-Services About Government Contact Us Ministries and Agencies Parastatals Publications Local Authorities Land Boards About Botswana About our Country Public Holidays School Terms News & Events Events News Press Releases Contact Us COVID-19 Breadcrumb Home » Benefits and Payments » Grants » Poverty Eradication Programme Poverty Eradication Programme Overview Government poverty eradication initiatives are included in nation’s long term strategy, Vision 2036 and other National Development Plans, which outlines poverty eradication as one of the key policy deliverables. In 2011 government revamped its effort and commitment to addressing poverty and came up with Poverty Eradication Programme (PEP) to economically empower and capacitate current and prospective beneficiaries to lead a dignified life. PEP is meant to assist individuals and or group to graduate from extreme poverty or abject poverty through; sustainable income generation and employment initiatives capacity building and skills development organized individuals or groups and provide funds in order to promote micro and small scale entrepreneurship This is coordinated from the Office of the President through Poverty Eradication Coordination Unit (PECU). PECU was established to accelerate programme uptake particularly those in abject poverty whose dignity has to be restored as a matter of urgency, and at the same time coordinating efforts of other stakeholders. Who is eligible? Botswana citizen aged 18 years and above. Able to undertake the project they select. Earning or living on a monthly income not more than P300.00 (USD 1.25/day). Earning seasonal, occasional or temporary income such under Ipelegeng programme. Having spouses not earning monthly income in excess of P300.00, unless such income is seasonal, occasional or temporary. Having livestock units not exceeding six (6) cows/ or fifteen (15) small stock. Should be a beneficiary of the Poverty Eradication Programme or other government programme who have suffered severe loss of assets or livestock due to disease or other natural disaster as verified by the Ministry responsible for related project. How do I get this service? Register with the District Commissioner's (DC) office, Social Welfare or Community Development Officer in their localities for the project you wish to do. Assessment for eligibility and choice of project will be determined by the Social Welfare Office. Recommendation for approval or rejection by the committee responsible for poverty eradication in each district or sub district. Trained and subsequently packaged What supporting documents are required? Identity card Recommendation from Social Welfare Office How much does it cost? Free. Where can I obtain this service? Any District Commissioner's Office Any District/Urban Council . Where can I get more information on this Service Any District Commissioner's Office Any District/Urban Council. Give Us Feedback Your name Your email address Subject Message Link Footer Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Give Us Feedback enquiries [at] gov.bw () Copyright © 2022. All right reserved. Government of Botswana.