Pre-Hearing Conference | Government of Botswana Skip to main content GOV.BW Search Main navigation Home Services Agriculture Benefits and Payments Culture, Sports and Tourism Education and Learning Health and Wellness Immigration and Civil Registration Labour and Employment Land, Construction and Housing Law, Crime and Justice Living in Botswana Licensing & Permits Natural Resources and Environment Social Services Trade and Industry Transport and Communications Service Links Administration of Justice Animal Traceability and Identification Independent Electoral commission Laws of Botswana Ministry of Finance and Economic Development Parliament of Botswana Tourism Services Trade and Industry Vehicle License Renewal e-visa e-Services About Government Contact Us Ministries and Agencies Parastatals Publications Local Authorities Land Boards About Botswana About our Country Public Holidays School Terms News & Events Events News Press Releases Contact Us COVID-19 Breadcrumb Home » Pre-Hearing Conference Pre-Hearing Conference Overview The Pre-Hearing Conference is held in respect of unresolved disputes that are referred for determination by court. This conference shall be attended by parties and their representatives if any. Who is eligible? Parties to the dispute/case. How do I get this service? The parties may have their own Pre-hearing Conference; or the court may issue an order directing the parties to hold a Pre-hearing Conference before the trial either by themselves ( where parties will agree on the time, date and venue of the meeting) and file minutes of such. If the parties are unable to hold such by themselves, then the Registrar can be appointed to chair such a hearing and file minutes. At the Pre-hearing conference, parties must identify the following: Facts that are agreed. Facts that are in dispute. The issues that the Court is required to decide. Preliminary points of law which the Court is required to decide. The relief claimed, and if compensation, the amount and the method of calculation. Parties should compute amounts of their claims, before attending the Pre Hearing Conference and provide proof of such computation. Discovery and exchange of documents. Number of witnesses, including expert witnesses, to be called at the hearing. Issuance of a subpoena, if same is required. Necessity for on-the-spot inspection. Language requirements on the date of trial. Setting of trial dates. Any other matter that will shorten proceedings or limit costs. The parties must prepare and sign minutes of their Pre-Hearing Conference and file with court as directed. What supporting documents are required? Pleadings already filed and any other documents that might assist during such a hearing to curtail the trial and or lead to settlement of such a case. How much does it cost? There is no fee for this service. Where can I get more information on this Service For more information, refer to the Industrial Court Rules or contact the office listed below The Registrar Industrial Court of Botswana Private Bag BR 267 Gaborone, Botswana Phone: (+267) 3900565 Fax: (+267) 3900567 Facebook: Industrial Court of Botswana Opening hours: 07:30 to 12:45 and 13:45 to 16:30 Monday to Friday, except weekends and public holidays. Additional information can also be obtained in the Rules of Court and the Trade disputes Act. Related Forms Notice of Representation_4 (192.31 KB) Give Us Feedback Your name Your email address Subject Message Link Footer Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Give Us Feedback enquiries [at] gov.bw () Copyright © 2022. All right reserved. Government of Botswana.