Preparation of a Business Plan  | Government of Botswana Skip to main content GOV.BW Search Main navigation Home Services Agriculture Benefits and Payments Culture, Sports and Tourism Education and Learning Health and Wellness Immigration and Civil Registration Labour and Employment Land, Construction and Housing Law, Crime and Justice Living in Botswana Licensing & Permits Natural Resources and Environment Social Services Trade and Industry Transport and Communications Service Links Administration of Justice Animal Traceability and Identification Independent Electoral commission Laws of Botswana Ministry of Finance and Economic Development Parliament of Botswana Tourism Services Trade and Industry Vehicle License Renewal e-visa e-Services About Government Contact Us Ministries and Agencies Parastatals Publications Local Authorities Land Boards About Botswana About our Country Public Holidays School Terms News & Events Events News Press Releases Contact Us COVID-19 Breadcrumb Home » Agriculture » Advisory Role » Preparation of a Business Plan Preparation of a Business Plan Overview This service is meant to assist farmers in developing comprehensive business plans. The provision of this service empowers farmers with business planning skills. When completed, the farmer submits a business plan to funding institutions or keeps it safe for future reference. Who is eligible? Citizens & non-citizens. How do I get this service? Visit the nearest District Agribusiness Promotion Offices for guidance on the development of the business plan. Develop and submit the business plan. What supporting documents are required? A valid National Identity Card (Omang) for citizens (certified copy) A valid Residence Work Permit for non-citizens(certified copy) Land Right Certificate (for leased or allocated by Land-Board authorities) (certified copy) Proof of Land Lease Agreement for Land signed by both parties (if leasing) (certified copy) Proof of Water Right Certificate from Water Apportionment Board (if applicable to the intended project) (certified copy) A Land Suitability Assessment report by relevant departments(certified copy) Relevant documents (including management C.V.’s for the employees of the project) if it is a start-up project Past project performance accounts (includes inventory and value of assets) if it is for an expansion or resuscitation and; Proof of Finance from potential financer How long will this service take? Approximately two (2) weeks depending on how quickly relevant documents are submitted. How much does it cost? No cost. Where can I get more information on this Service Ministry of Agricultural Development and Food Security Department of Agribusiness Promotion Division of Farm Management Private Bag 00298 Gaborone Tel: (+267) 368 9706/(+267) 3689709 Fax: (+267) 3689893 Or Call Centre: Tel.17755 Email. moa17755 [at] gov.bw Opening hours: 07:30 to 12:45 then 13:45 to 16:30, Monday to Friday, except public holidays. Related Documents District Agribusiness Promotion Office (221.92 KB) TECHNICAL GUIDE FOR EGG PRODUCTION (171.2 KB) TECHNICAL GUIDE FOR ESTABLISHING A PIGGERY PROJECT (256.95 KB) TECHNICAL GUIDELINES FOR BEEKEEPING PROJECT (231.75 KB) TECHNICAL GUIDELINES FOR BROILER PRODUCTION (180.92 KB) VEGETABLE ENTERPRISE GUIDELINES (556.73 KB) Give Us Feedback Your name Your email address Subject Message Link Footer Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Give Us Feedback enquiries [at] gov.bw () Copyright © 2022. All right reserved. Government of Botswana.