President's Day Competitions  | Government of Botswana Skip to main content GOV.BW Search Main navigation Home Services Agriculture Benefits and Payments Culture, Sports and Tourism Education and Learning Health and Wellness Immigration and Civil Registration Labour and Employment Land, Construction and Housing Law, Crime and Justice Living in Botswana Licensing & Permits Natural Resources and Environment Social Services Trade and Industry Transport and Communications Service Links Administration of Justice Animal Traceability and Identification Independent Electoral commission Laws of Botswana Ministry of Finance and Economic Development Parliament of Botswana Tourism Services Trade and Industry Vehicle License Renewal e-visa e-Services About Government Contact Us Ministries and Agencies Parastatals Publications Local Authorities Land Boards About Botswana About our Country Public Holidays School Terms News & Events Events News Press Releases Contact Us COVID-19 Breadcrumb Home » Culture, Sports and Tourism » Competition & Sports » President's Day Competitions President's Day Competitions Overview The President’s Day Competitions is an annual programme administered by the Ministry of Youth Empowerment, Sport and Culture Development (MYSC) together with different Arts Associations. The Competitions are in support of the Visual Arts (fashion, pottery, painting, graphic design, photography and sculpting) and Performing Arts (theatre, poetry, comedy, different traditional dances and contemporary music). It has become a pinnacle of heritage month and a platform for showcasing the cultural diversity that this country prides itself in. Not only does the nation celebrate its heritage, but also gives artists an opportunity to be rewarded for their talent and contributing to the enhancement of Botswana's cultural diversity. The Competitions are aimed at: • Intensifying the spirit of nationhood (Unity) through celebration of Botswana Arts and Culture • Helping artists realise their full potential in contributing towards the economy and economic diversification Implementation process: The Ministry issues out a registration notice in February of each year Regional competitions commence in April National Finals held in Gaborone every July and Awards Ceremony held thereafter Who is eligible? Botswana citizens aged 18 and above Individual artists Registered and unregistered groups How do I get this service? Registration commences from the 1st February to the last day of the same month annually. Download the form, complete and submit the registration form at the MYSC office in the region you wish to compete. What supporting documents are required? List of participants Registration certificate (if registered) Certified ID copies of participants How long will this service take? Four (4) months How much does it cost? No cost Where can I obtain this service? MYSC Head office and District Offices Where can I get more information on this Service Ministry of Youth Empowerment, Sport and Culture Development Y2K Building – Central Business District Plot 54372 Private Bag 00514, Gaborone Botswana Tel. (+267) 3682600 Fax. (+267) 3913473 Toll Free No. 0800 600 883 Related Forms PDC National Art Exhibition registration form-1 (286.41 KB) ARTS AND CULTURE NATIONAL BASKET AND CRAFT FORM (449.19 KB) REGISTRATION FORM FOR 2020 PRESIDENT’S DAY COMPETITIONS (385.21 KB) Related Documents PDC GUIDELINE BOOKLET (594.01 KB) PDC HAIRDRESSING RULES AND REGULATIONS (446.43 KB) PDC STAMP DESIGN GUIDELINES (335.54 KB) Give Us Feedback Your name Your email address Subject Message Link Footer Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Give Us Feedback enquiries [at] gov.bw () Copyright © 2022. All right reserved. Government of Botswana.