Prisons Band Services | Government of Botswana Skip to main content GOV.BW Search Main navigation Home Services Agriculture Benefits and Payments Culture, Sports and Tourism Education and Learning Health and Wellness Immigration and Civil Registration Labour and Employment Land, Construction and Housing Law, Crime and Justice Living in Botswana Licensing & Permits Natural Resources and Environment Social Services Trade and Industry Transport and Communications Service Links Administration of Justice Animal Traceability and Identification Independent Electoral commission Laws of Botswana Ministry of Finance and Economic Development Parliament of Botswana Tourism Services Trade and Industry Vehicle License Renewal e-visa e-Services About Government Contact Us Ministries and Agencies Parastatals Publications Local Authorities Land Boards About Botswana About our Country Public Holidays School Terms News & Events Events News Press Releases Contact Us COVID-19 Breadcrumb Home » Prisons Band Services Prisons Band Services Overview The Botswana Prison Service Band provides music at official/ceremonial functions, public and private events, as well as for functions and activities related to the Botswana Prison Service. The band is available for hire at functions for all organisations. Who is eligible? All members of the general public, government ministries/departments, parastatals, private companies, non-governmental organizations are able to request performances by the Prisons Band. How do I get this service? Customers can request the services of the Prison Band by writing a letter of request to the Bandmaster at the following address: Botswana Prison Service Prison Staff College Band Master Private Bag 30 Mahalapye Botswana There are no deadlines for booking this service as long as the event does not coincide with any of the Band's official engagements. Customers are informed through writing whether the Band is available or not. What supporting documents are required? There are no supporting documents required for this service. How long will this service take? A letter confirming the Band's availability on the requested date can be expected within three days of receipt of the request. How much does it cost? Type of service Charge (Flat rate) Duration Additional Cost (per hour) Band P 1000.00 2 hours P 200.00 Transport P 4.43 per km from Mahalapye to destination Amount is payable at Prisons Staff College or Prisons Headquarters prior to the performance. Where can I obtain this service? Prison Staff College in Mahalapye. Where can I get more information on this Service The opening hours are 07:30 to 12:45 and 13:45 to 16:30, Monday to Friday, except public holidays. Band Master Botswana Prison Service Prison Staff College Private Bag 30 Mahalapye Botswana Tel. (+267) 4714312 Ministry of Defence Justice and Security Botswana Prison Service, Public Relations Office Private Bag X02 Gaborone Botswana Tel. (+267) 3611700 Fax. (+267) 3975003 Give Us Feedback Your name Your email address Subject Message Link Footer Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Give Us Feedback enquiries [at] gov.bw () Copyright © 2022. All right reserved. Government of Botswana.