Project Appraisal  | Government of Botswana Skip to main content GOV.BW Search Main navigation Home Services Agriculture Benefits and Payments Culture, Sports and Tourism Education and Learning Health and Wellness Immigration and Civil Registration Labour and Employment Land, Construction and Housing Law, Crime and Justice Living in Botswana Licensing & Permits Natural Resources and Environment Social Services Trade and Industry Transport and Communications Service Links Administration of Justice Animal Traceability and Identification Independent Electoral commission Laws of Botswana Ministry of Finance and Economic Development Parliament of Botswana Tourism Services Trade and Industry Vehicle License Renewal e-visa e-Services About Government Contact Us Ministries and Agencies Parastatals Publications Local Authorities Land Boards About Botswana About our Country Public Holidays School Terms News & Events Events News Press Releases Contact Us COVID-19 Breadcrumb Home » Agriculture » Advisory Role » Project Appraisal Project Appraisal Overview This service is meant to assist organizations and individual farmers who want an evaluation report for their project for several reasons. These reasons can include applying for funding for a new project, settling appeals and disputes, determining project viability and performance, and redirecting and allocating resources. Who is eligible? Citizens & non-citizens. How do I get this service? Visit the nearest District Agribusiness Promotion Offices for submission of developed business plans and historic performance records for existing projects. Organizations and individual farmers will then use their final reports to address their specific problems. What supporting documents are required? Proof of residence (a certified copy of their resident permit for non-citizens). A certified copy of a valid National Identity Card (Omang) for citizens A business plan (for both new and existing projects). Historic performance records (for existing projects). How long will this service take? Two (2) months from the date of submission of the business plan. How much does it cost? No cost. Where can I get more information on this Service Ministry of Agricultural Development and Food Security Department of Agribusiness Promotion Private Bag 00298 Gaborone Botswana Tel. (+267) 3689706/3689709 Fax. (+267) 3972381 Call Centre Tel. 17755 Email. moa17755 [at] gov.bw Opening hours: 07:30 to 12:45 and 13:45 to 16:30, Monday to Friday except, public holiday. Give Us Feedback Your name Your email address Subject Message Link Footer Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Give Us Feedback enquiries [at] gov.bw () Copyright © 2022. All right reserved. Government of Botswana.