Provision of State Protocol Services for National Events and International Conferences in Botswana  | Government of Botswana Skip to main content GOV.BW Search Main navigation Home Services Agriculture Benefits and Payments Culture, Sports and Tourism Education and Learning Health and Wellness Immigration and Civil Registration Labour and Employment Land, Construction and Housing Law, Crime and Justice Living in Botswana Licensing & Permits Natural Resources and Environment Social Services Trade and Industry Transport and Communications Service Links Administration of Justice Animal Traceability and Identification Independent Electoral commission Laws of Botswana Ministry of Finance and Economic Development Parliament of Botswana Tourism Services Trade and Industry Vehicle License Renewal e-visa e-Services About Government Contact Us Ministries and Agencies Parastatals Publications Local Authorities Land Boards About Botswana About our Country Public Holidays School Terms News & Events Events News Press Releases Contact Us COVID-19 Breadcrumb Home » Living in Botswana » Diplomacy » Provision of State Protocol Services for National Events and International Conferences in Botswana Provision of State Protocol Services for National Events and International Conferences in Botswana Overview The Department of Protocol and Consular Services in the Ministry of International Affairs and Cooperation provides State Protocol services to facilitate smooth arrangements of national events and international conferences hosted in Botswana. The services provided also include training on Protocol and Etiquette to stakeholders, guidance on interaction with Foreign Missions accredited to Botswana, as well as High Level visitors from abroad. Who is eligible? Government Ministries, departments and parastatals. Others may approach private providers of the training on Protocol and Etiquette who are accredited with Botswana Qualifications Authority. How do I get this service? Submit request in the form of Saving-gram through parent Ministry for the required services. What supporting documents are required? Communication requesting the assistance specifying the nature of the training required, target group and events or High Level guests to be facilitated Completed VIP lounge access forms How long will this service take? Training will be provided within 2 weeks of receipt of the request. VIP requests will be processed within 7 days of receipt of the request. How much does it cost? No charges. Where can I get more information on this Service Department of Protocol and Consular Services Ministry of International Affairs and Cooperation Private Bag 00368 Gaborone Botswana Government Enclave Tel. (+267) 3600700 / (+267) 3600744 Fax. (+267) 3973067 / (+267) 3974516 Email. miacprotocol [at] gov.bw Give Us Feedback Your name Your email address Subject Message Link Footer Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Give Us Feedback enquiries [at] gov.bw () Copyright © 2022. All right reserved. Government of Botswana.