Provision of Voters Roll | Government of Botswana Skip to main content GOV.BW Search Main navigation Home Services Agriculture Benefits and Payments Culture, Sports and Tourism Education and Learning Health and Wellness Immigration and Civil Registration Labour and Employment Land, Construction and Housing Law, Crime and Justice Living in Botswana Licensing & Permits Natural Resources and Environment Social Services Trade and Industry Transport and Communications Service Links Administration of Justice Animal Traceability and Identification Independent Electoral commission Laws of Botswana Ministry of Finance and Economic Development Parliament of Botswana Tourism Services Trade and Industry Vehicle License Renewal e-visa e-Services About Government Contact Us Ministries and Agencies Parastatals Publications Local Authorities Land Boards About Botswana About our Country Public Holidays School Terms News & Events Events News Press Releases Contact Us COVID-19 Breadcrumb Home » Living in Botswana » Voting » Provision of Voters Roll Provision of Voters Roll Overview The voters roll, which lists by constituency, polling district and polling station, the name, sex, address, national identity card number and voters’ registration card number of every voter, may be accessed by political parties, independent candidates and members of the public, as per the Electoral Act: 21 of 2008, s. 5. (3). Any person may, upon payment of a fee prescribed by the Secretary from time to time, make hard copies of a roll or take extracts there from during the hours aforesaid. Who is eligible? Registered political parties, independent candidates and members of the public are eligible to receive a copy of the voters roll. How do I get this service? After publication of the voters roll, any stakeholder may request a copy of the roll or a specific section of the roll at a fee prescribed by the Commission. The request for the rolls can be made at the IEC contact information noted below. Stakeholders will be notified by a public notice in the Government Gazette when the rolls are ready and where they could be accessed. What supporting documents are required? There are no supporting documents required to access this service. How long will this service take? Within 10 minutes of your application request if made in person at IEC offices. Requests by post can be expected in two to three weeks. How much does it cost? Political parties and independent candidates may obtain a copy of the roll at no cost. Members of the public will be charged a nominal fee of prescribed by the Independent Electoral Commission, which is adjusted on an annual basis. Where can I get more information on this Service Please contact the office listed below: The Secretary Independent Electoral Commission Private Bag 00284 Gaborone, Botswana Phone: (+267) 361 2400 Toll free No: 0800 600 710 Fax: (+267) 3900581/3905205/3190889 Website: www.iec.gov.bw , Facebook: IEC Botswana Email: iec_info [at] gov.bw Opening hours: 07:30 to 12:45 and 13:45 to 16:30 Monday to Friday, except weekends and public holidays. Additional information can also be obtained in the Electoral Act. Related Services Voter Registration Give Us Feedback Your name Your email address Subject Message Link Footer Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Give Us Feedback enquiries [at] gov.bw () Copyright © 2022. All right reserved. Government of Botswana.