Provision of Portable Water to Clusters Through ISPAAD  | Government of Botswana Skip to main content GOV.BW Search Main navigation Home Services Agriculture Benefits and Payments Culture, Sports and Tourism Education and Learning Health and Wellness Immigration and Civil Registration Labour and Employment Land, Construction and Housing Law, Crime and Justice Living in Botswana Licensing & Permits Natural Resources and Environment Social Services Trade and Industry Transport and Communications Service Links Administration of Justice Animal Traceability and Identification Independent Electoral commission Laws of Botswana Ministry of Finance and Economic Development Parliament of Botswana Tourism Services Trade and Industry Vehicle License Renewal e-visa e-Services About Government Contact Us Ministries and Agencies Parastatals Publications Local Authorities Land Boards About Botswana About our Country Public Holidays School Terms News & Events Events News Press Releases Contact Us COVID-19 Breadcrumb Home » Benefits and Payments » Subsidies » Provision of Portable Water to Clusters Through ISPAAD Provision of Portable Water to Clusters Through ISPAAD Overview Farmers operating as clusters can access assistance for the provision of portable water through the Integrated Support Programme for Arable Agriculture Development (ISPAAD). ISPAAD will, where possible drill/equip boreholes, or purchase existing boreholes. Immediately after completion, the boreholes will be handed over to Cluster Management Committees to operate and manage, as stipulated in the constitution. The boreholes will be used exclusively for provision of domestic water. Who is eligible? Applicants must agree that operation and maintenance of the infrastructure will be the responsibility of the Cluster Management Committee. How do I get this service? Visit the Extension Officer at the nearest District Crop Production Office with the relevant supporting documents. The ISPAAD / Extension Office shall assess the situations as per its merits to ascertain if there is a need for the provision of water. The farmers will be advised to have a constitution that will include agreement to undertake maintenance of the boreholes. The District Crop Production Office shall then inform the applicants in writing about the outcome of the application. What supporting documents are required? Documented proof of a working cluster constitution. How long will this service take? One (1) month from the date of initial application. How much does it cost? Applicants are provided with a 100% government subsidy with this service. Where can I get more information on this Service ISPAAD Coordinator Department of Crop Production Ministry of Agricultural Development and Food Security Headquarters Plot 4701 Mmaraka Road 3rd Floor, Office No. 301 Private Bag 00435 Gaborone Botswana Tel. (+267) 3689305 E-mail. dcp [at] gov.bw (dcp@gov.bw) Call Centre: Tel. 17755 Email. moa17755 [at] gov.bw Opening hours are from 07:30 to 12:45 then 13:45 to 16:30, Monday to Friday except, public holiday. Related Documents ISPAAD Guidelines Revised May 2013_2 (2.93 MB) District Crop Production Offices_3 (278.2 KB) Give Us Feedback Your name Your email address Subject Message Link Footer Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Give Us Feedback enquiries [at] gov.bw () Copyright © 2022. All right reserved. Government of Botswana.