Provision of Exemption Certificates in lieu of Residence Permits | Government of Botswana Skip to main content GOV.BW Search Main navigation Home Services Agriculture Benefits and Payments Culture, Sports and Tourism Education and Learning Health and Wellness Immigration and Civil Registration Labour and Employment Land, Construction and Housing Law, Crime and Justice Living in Botswana Licensing & Permits Natural Resources and Environment Social Services Trade and Industry Transport and Communications Service Links Administration of Justice Animal Traceability and Identification Independent Electoral commission Laws of Botswana Ministry of Finance and Economic Development Parliament of Botswana Tourism Services Trade and Industry Vehicle License Renewal e-visa e-Services About Government Contact Us Ministries and Agencies Parastatals Publications Local Authorities Land Boards About Botswana About our Country Public Holidays School Terms News & Events Events News Press Releases Contact Us COVID-19 Breadcrumb Home » Living in Botswana » Diplomacy » Provision of Exemption Certificates in lieu of Residence Permits Provision of Exemption Certificates in lieu of Residence Permits Overview Members of the diplomatic community accredited to the Republic of Botswana shall be issued with an exemption certificate in lieu of a residence permit. The department shall facilitate issuance of exemption certificates for members of family forming part of the household of the diplomatic agent as follows: Exemption Certificates Family members that include spouse and children under the age of 18 are issued with exemption certificates. In addition to a Note Verbale, Application for Exemption Certificate copy of passport and two passport sized photographs, the application for an exemption certificate for spouse and children below 18 years of age shall also be accompanied by a copy of a marriage certificate and birth certificate respectively. Residence Permits Family members that include children over the age of 18 and less than 25, dependent children over the age of 25 and dependent parents over the age of 65 shall be issued with Residence Permits as follows. Who is eligible? Members of diplomatic community How do I get this service? Applications are made, through a Note Verbale, to the Ministry of International Affairs and Cooperation (Department of Protocol and Consular Affairs), which facilitates the processing of an Application for Exemption Certificate. The exemption certificate is issued by the Department of Immigration and Citizenship. What supporting documents are required? A Note Verbale accompanied by completed an application form, Copy of passport and two passport sized photographs. How long will this service take? Immediate How much does it cost? No cost Where can I get more information on this Service Ministry of International Affairs and Cooperation Private Bag 00368 Gaborone Botswana Government Enclave Tel. (+267) 3600700 / (+267) 3600744 Fax. (+267) 3973067 / (+267) 3974516 Email. miacprotocol [at] gov.bw Related Documents Vienna Convention on Diplomatic Relations_1.pdf (271.43 KB) Botswana's Diplomatic_Privileges_and_Immunities Act_1.pdf (5.7 KB) Related Services Permanent Residence Application Residence Permit Application Give Us Feedback Your name Your email address Subject Message Link Footer Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Give Us Feedback enquiries [at] gov.bw () Copyright © 2022. All right reserved. Government of Botswana.