Provision of Seeds, Fertilizers and Herbicides to Commercial Farmers Through ISPAAD  | Government of Botswana Skip to main content GOV.BW Search Main navigation Home Services Agriculture Benefits and Payments Culture, Sports and Tourism Education and Learning Health and Wellness Immigration and Civil Registration Labour and Employment Land, Construction and Housing Law, Crime and Justice Living in Botswana Licensing & Permits Natural Resources and Environment Social Services Trade and Industry Transport and Communications Service Links Administration of Justice Animal Traceability and Identification Independent Electoral commission Laws of Botswana Ministry of Finance and Economic Development Parliament of Botswana Tourism Services Trade and Industry Vehicle License Renewal e-visa e-Services About Government Contact Us Ministries and Agencies Parastatals Publications Local Authorities Land Boards About Botswana About our Country Public Holidays School Terms News & Events Events News Press Releases Contact Us COVID-19 Breadcrumb Home » Benefits and Payments » Subsidies » Provision of Seeds, Fertilizers and Herbicides to Commercial Farmers Through ISPAAD Provision of Seeds, Fertilizers and Herbicides to Commercial Farmers Through ISPAAD Overview Commercial farmers who cultivate over 150Ha and use large sophisticated machinery and implements can access the following assistance from government: A 30% subsidy on the cost of hybrid or open pollinated varieties of seeds up to maximum of 500 Ha. Farmers will be assisted with 30% subsidy on the cost of fertilizer up to a maximum of 500 Ha for the following fertilizer treatments; liming, basal or top dressing. Farmers will be assisted with 30% subsidy on the cost of herbicides to control weeds up to a maximum of 500 Ha for either of the following operations; pre-emergence, post emergence or control of difficult weeds such as Cynodon dactylon, mokhure etc. Seed is provided for varieties of major grain and fodder crops, sorghum, maize and cowpeas only. The amount of seed issued to farmers will depend on availability, and suitability to the farming areas. This assistance is available through the Integrated Support Programme for Arable Agriculture Development (ISPAAD). Who is eligible? Applicants must be aged 18 years and above Citizens must have a valid National Identity Card (Omang) Foreigners must have valid Residence and Work Permits. Be able to demonstrate to the Extension staff that they own fields or have the consent of the owners to use such fields. Must have proof of land accessibility (duly allocated or leased) How do I get this service? Fill and submit Permission to Purchase Fertilizers / Open Pollinated Seed / Hybrid Seeds/Herbicides, under ISPAAD form to the nearest District Crop Production Office (DCPO) for processing. After processing, the DCPO will contact the applicant in writing concerning the outcome of his application. What supporting documents are required? Certified copy of a valid National Identity Card (Omang) or residence and work permits. Certified copy of Landboard Certificate or Lease Agreement. Quotations for items required. How long will this service take? One (1) day from the date of initial application. How much does it cost? Applicants are provided with a 30% government subsidy on seeds, fertilizers and herbicides. Where can I get more information on this Service ISPAAD Coordinator Department of Crop Production Ministry of Agricultural Development and Food Security Headquarters Plot 4701 Mmaraka Road Private Bag 00435 Gaborone Botswana Tel. (+267) 3689305 E-mail: dcp [at] gov.bw Call Centre: Tel. 17755 Email. moa17755 [at] gov.bw Opening hours: 07:30 to 12:45 and 13:45 to 16:30, Monday to Friday except, public holidays. Related Documents ISPAAD Guidelines Revised May 2013 (2.93 MB) Guidelines For Special Assistance To Kgalagadi District And Areas With Similar Agro-Climatic Conditions (3.38 MB) District Crop Production Offices (278.2 KB) Give Us Feedback Your name Your email address Subject Message Link Footer Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Give Us Feedback enquiries [at] gov.bw () Copyright © 2022. All right reserved. Government of Botswana.