Public Meetings and Processions Permit | Government of Botswana Skip to main content GOV.BW Search Main navigation Home Services Agriculture Benefits and Payments Culture, Sports and Tourism Education and Learning Health and Wellness Immigration and Civil Registration Labour and Employment Land, Construction and Housing Law, Crime and Justice Living in Botswana Licensing & Permits Natural Resources and Environment Social Services Trade and Industry Transport and Communications Service Links Administration of Justice Animal Traceability and Identification Independent Electoral commission Laws of Botswana Ministry of Finance and Economic Development Parliament of Botswana Tourism Services Trade and Industry Vehicle License Renewal e-visa e-Services About Government Contact Us Ministries and Agencies Parastatals Publications Local Authorities Land Boards About Botswana About our Country Public Holidays School Terms News & Events Events News Press Releases Contact Us COVID-19 Breadcrumb Home » Law, Crime and Justice » Public Safety » Public Meetings and Processions Permit Public Meetings and Processions Permit Overview The Permit allows the applicant to hold public meeting(s) or procession(s) within a controlled area for a specific period of time in accordance with the Public Order Act Cap. 22:02. Who is eligible? Any person who wishes to convene a public meeting or to form a public procession within a controlled area How do I get this service? Applicant must write a letter of request to the Officer Commanding of the area clearly outlining the following: Location of the requested area Date and time of the event Purpose/nature of the event What supporting documents are required? Valid Identification documents Letter from the local authority (e.g Council), authorising the use of controlled area In case of a procession, provide a route map In case of petitions, a letter of acknowledgement from the receiving authority How long will this service take? Ten (10) working days How much does it cost? Free Where can I obtain this service? Any Police station. Where can I get more information on this Service Any Police station. Give Us Feedback Your name Your email address Subject Message Link Footer Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Give Us Feedback enquiries [at] gov.bw () Copyright © 2022. All right reserved. Government of Botswana.