Pula Card | Government of Botswana Skip to main content GOV.BW Search Main navigation Home Services Agriculture Benefits and Payments Culture, Sports and Tourism Education and Learning Health and Wellness Immigration and Civil Registration Labour and Employment Land, Construction and Housing Law, Crime and Justice Living in Botswana Licensing & Permits Natural Resources and Environment Social Services Trade and Industry Transport and Communications Service Links Administration of Justice Animal Traceability and Identification Independent Electoral commission Laws of Botswana Ministry of Finance and Economic Development Parliament of Botswana Tourism Services Trade and Industry Vehicle License Renewal e-visa e-Services About Government Contact Us Ministries and Agencies Parastatals Publications Local Authorities Land Boards About Botswana About our Country Public Holidays School Terms News & Events Events News Press Releases Contact Us COVID-19 Breadcrumb Home » Benefits and Payments » allowances » Pula Card Pula Card Overview The automated prepaid card ‘Pula Card’ is meant to cater for the unbanked Batswana especially beneficiaries of ISPAAD, LIMID, student allowances, travel allowances. This is targeting rural areas beneficiaries who do not have access to the traditional banking facilities. The service has been outsourced from banking institutions. The Pula cards can be issued instantly, while other category of cards such as personalised embossed are ordered. Why Pula card? It is a new payment solution that aims to achieve financial inclusion.The goal is for the Government to grow the private sector. Improve service delivery to the unbanked. Providing the fastest growing payment solution for organisations worldwide. A type of bank card that is pre-loaded with specific funds. Who is eligible? Unbanked Batswana beneficiaries of various Gorvenment programs How do I get this service? Download and complete the Pula Card Application Form and submit. What supporting documents are required? Certified copy of valid National Identity Card (Omang) Proof of residence (Affidavit, confirmation letter from employer or any bill registered by the applicant’s name) How long will this service take? Five (5) working days Where can I get more information on this Service Office of the Accountant General Office 30, Ground floor Banking Hall Gaborone Telephone numbers: 3644176 / 3644151 Opening Hours: 7.30 to 12.45 and 13.45 to 16.30 Monday to Friday, except Public holidays Related Forms Pula Card application form (549.33 KB) Give Us Feedback Your name Your email address Subject Message Link Footer Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Give Us Feedback enquiries [at] gov.bw () Copyright © 2022. All right reserved. Government of Botswana.