Radiological Safety Inspections | Government of Botswana Skip to main content GOV.BW Search Main navigation Home Services Agriculture Benefits and Payments Culture, Sports and Tourism Education and Learning Health and Wellness Immigration and Civil Registration Labour and Employment Land, Construction and Housing Law, Crime and Justice Living in Botswana Licensing & Permits Natural Resources and Environment Social Services Trade and Industry Transport and Communications Service Links Administration of Justice Animal Traceability and Identification Independent Electoral commission Laws of Botswana Ministry of Finance and Economic Development Parliament of Botswana Tourism Services Trade and Industry Vehicle License Renewal e-visa e-Services About Government Contact Us Ministries and Agencies Parastatals Publications Local Authorities Land Boards About Botswana About our Country Public Holidays School Terms News & Events Events News Press Releases Contact Us COVID-19 Breadcrumb Home » Law, Crime and Justice » Public Safety » Radiological Safety Inspections Radiological Safety Inspections Overview Radiological safety inspections ensure the protection of workers, the public and the environment from the adverse effects of ionizing radiation. Inspections also measure the adequacy of the design and shielding of premises and provide an inventory of ionizing radiation sources in Botswana. The Radiation Protection Act, 2006, the Radiation Protection Regulations, 2008 and other international standards require routine inspections. Statutory radiological inspections are scheduled and conducted by the Radiation Protection Inspectorate, however it is the responsibility of individual facilities to contract experts to conduct routine radiological safety inspections. In locations where expert contractors are not available the Radiation Protection Inspectorate can provide routine radiological inspections on a consultancy basis. Who is eligible? Facilities that are licensed in accordance with section 23 of the Radiation Protection Act, 2006. How do I get this service? The Radiation Protection Inspectorate determines the inspection schedule. Inspections may be announced or unannounced. What supporting documents are required? None. How long will this service take? Radiation Protection Inspectorate determines the inspection schedule. Inspections may be announced or unannounced. The inspections themselves vary from two hours in length to a week depending on the number of radiation sources to be inspected and the complexity of the tests to be performed. How much does it cost? The fees, payable by cash, cheque or adjustment voucher paid to the Radiation Protection Inspectorate are: Safety assessment for authorisation BWP 250.00 Please note the fees listed above are stipulated in the Radiation Protection Regulations, 2008 and are reviewed annually. Where can I obtain this service? Radiation Protection Inspectorate, Unit B, Plot 132, Gaborone International Finance Park Where can I get more information on this Service Radiation Protection Inspectorate Private Bag BO 1 Bontleng Gaborone, Botswana Unit B, Plot 132, Gaborone International Finance Park Tel: (267)318-8388 Fax: (267) 395-7025 e-mail: rpibots [at] gov.bw Opening hours: 7:30 am to 12:45 pm and 13:45pm to 16:30 pm, Monday to Friday, except public holidays Related Services License to Possess, Sell and Use Radioactive Sources Give Us Feedback Your name Your email address Subject Message Link Footer Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Give Us Feedback enquiries [at] gov.bw () Copyright © 2022. All right reserved. Government of Botswana.