Radiation Monitoring Services | Government of Botswana Skip to main content GOV.BW Search Main navigation Home Services Agriculture Benefits and Payments Culture, Sports and Tourism Education and Learning Health and Wellness Immigration and Civil Registration Labour and Employment Land, Construction and Housing Law, Crime and Justice Living in Botswana Licensing & Permits Natural Resources and Environment Social Services Trade and Industry Transport and Communications Service Links Administration of Justice Animal Traceability and Identification Independent Electoral commission Laws of Botswana Ministry of Finance and Economic Development Parliament of Botswana Tourism Services Trade and Industry Vehicle License Renewal e-visa e-Services About Government Contact Us Ministries and Agencies Parastatals Publications Local Authorities Land Boards About Botswana About our Country Public Holidays School Terms News & Events Events News Press Releases Contact Us COVID-19 Breadcrumb Home » Trade and Industry » Business Compliance » Radiation Monitoring Services Radiation Monitoring Services Overview The Radiation Protection Act of 2006 requires that anybody who works with radioactive sources and substances or material that emits ionizing radiation should be monitored. The National Dosimetry Laboratory (NDL) under the Radiation Protection Inspectorate (RPI) provides a Radiation monitoring service that monitors individual exposure and radiation levels of the surrounding area due to ionizing radiation from external radiation sources. The service is provided using Harshaw Thermoluminescent Dosimetry (TLD) badges for both personnel and environmental monitoring. The TLD badges used are capable of assessing with sufficient accuracy doses from exposure to beta rays, gamma rays, X-rays or a mixture of these types of radiation. Monitoring period for personnel is either monthly or quarterly and begins on the 1st of each month whereas for environment is either monthly or quarterly. RPI provides radiation dose reports for both personnel and environmental monitoring. Who is eligible? This service is provided to facilities that are licensed to possess and/or use radiation sources. How do I get this service? Download and submit Application for Radiation Monitoring Services (FORM/02/RPI-NDL/01) form and Agreement for Radiation Monitoring Services (AGREEMENT/02/RPI-NDL/01) or complete the form and agreement at the Radiation Monitoring Offices Payment should be made upfront. The application must be done at least twenty-one (21) days before the start of the monitoring period. TLD badges will be issued (2) two weeks before the start of each monitoring period and will be exchanged monthly or quarterly. Radiation dose reports will be available within fourteen (14) days after receipt of the used badges. What supporting documents are required? None. How long will this service take? Application processing - ten (10) working days. The TLD badges will be issued within ten (10) working days before the start of the wearing period. Monthly Radiation dose reports will be issued within fourteen (14) days of receipt of the used badges by NDL. How much does it cost? There is a monthly monitoring charge per wearer for all whole-body badges issued as well as a replacement charge for lost or damaged badges as outlined below: Monitoring charge per worker/per month BWP 30.00 Replacement charge for a lost or damaged badge BWP 550.00 Payment can be made through cash, cheque or adjustment voucher paid to the Radiation Protection Inspectorate. Where can I obtain this service? Plot 132, Unit B, Gaborone International Finance Park Where can I get more information on this Service Director Radiation Protection Inspectorate National Dosimetry Laboratory Private Bag BO 1 Bontleng, Gaborone Botswana Plot 132, Unit B, Gaborone International Finance Park Tel: (267) 318-8388 Fax: (267) 395-7025 e-mail: rpibots [at] gov.bw Opening hours: 7:30 am to 12:45pm and 13:45pm to 16:30pm Monday to Friday, except public holidays Related Forms Agreement for Radiation Monitoring Services (AGREEMENT/02/RPI-NDL/01) (283.47 KB) APPLICATION FOR RADIATION MONITORING SERVICE (315.46 KB) Related Services Import and Export of Radiation Sources Permit Give Us Feedback Your name Your email address Subject Message Link Footer Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Give Us Feedback enquiries [at] gov.bw () Copyright © 2022. All right reserved. Government of Botswana.