Rebate Certificate/Tariff Exemption  | Government of Botswana Skip to main content GOV.BW Search Main navigation Home Services Agriculture Benefits and Payments Culture, Sports and Tourism Education and Learning Health and Wellness Immigration and Civil Registration Labour and Employment Land, Construction and Housing Law, Crime and Justice Living in Botswana Licensing & Permits Natural Resources and Environment Social Services Trade and Industry Transport and Communications Service Links Administration of Justice Animal Traceability and Identification Independent Electoral commission Laws of Botswana Ministry of Finance and Economic Development Parliament of Botswana Tourism Services Trade and Industry Vehicle License Renewal e-visa e-Services About Government Contact Us Ministries and Agencies Parastatals Publications Local Authorities Land Boards About Botswana About our Country Public Holidays School Terms News & Events Events News Press Releases Contact Us COVID-19 Breadcrumb Home » Trade and Industry » Business Compliance » Rebate Certificate/Tariff Exemption Rebate Certificate/Tariff Exemption Overview Exempt those qualified by the Tariff Book not to pay Import/Customs duties. Who is eligible? People living with disabilities, Non-profit making organizations Government Ministries and Departments His/her Excellency the President and his/her family How do I get this service? Download, complete and submit REBATE CERTIFICATE APPLICATION FORM, with supporting documents. What supporting documents are required? Government Ministries and Departments If goods are donated, submit: Donation letter Written request for tariff exemption Bill of lading/Airway Bill Invoice If Goods are bought submit: Written request for tariff exemption Bill of lading/airway bill Invoice Non Profit Making Organizations on donated goods Written request for tariff exemption Certification of registration Donor letter to the beneficiary Bill of lading/airway bill Invoice People Living with Disabilities Disability medical report Certified ID copy Special motor car/motor cycle invoice Bill of lading/airway bill His/her Excellency the President and his/her family Written request for tariff exemption Bill of lading/airway bill Invoice How long will this service take? One (1) working day. How much does it cost? No Cost. Where can I obtain this service? Department of International Trade Private Bag 0073 Gaborone Botswana Tel: +267 3685353 Fax: +267 3188380 Opening hours: 07:30 to 12:45 and 13:45 to 16:30 Monday to Friday, except public holidays. Where can I get more information on this Service Department of International Trade Private Bag 0073 Gaborone Botswana Tel: +267 3685353 Fax: +267 3188380 Opening hours: 07:30 to 12:45 and 13:45 to 16:30 Monday to Friday, except public holidays. Give Us Feedback Your name Your email address Subject Message Link Footer Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Give Us Feedback enquiries [at] gov.bw () Copyright © 2022. All right reserved. Government of Botswana.