Record of Proceedings/Transcript | Government of Botswana Skip to main content GOV.BW Search Main navigation Home Services Agriculture Benefits and Payments Culture, Sports and Tourism Education and Learning Health and Wellness Immigration and Civil Registration Labour and Employment Land, Construction and Housing Law, Crime and Justice Living in Botswana Licensing & Permits Natural Resources and Environment Social Services Trade and Industry Transport and Communications Service Links Administration of Justice Animal Traceability and Identification Independent Electoral commission Laws of Botswana Ministry of Finance and Economic Development Parliament of Botswana Tourism Services Trade and Industry Vehicle License Renewal e-visa e-Services About Government Contact Us Ministries and Agencies Parastatals Publications Local Authorities Land Boards About Botswana About our Country Public Holidays School Terms News & Events Events News Press Releases Contact Us COVID-19 Breadcrumb Home » Record of Proceedings/Transcript Record of Proceedings/Transcript Overview During the hearing of cases, a Court Reporter is also required to take a verbatim recording of the court proceedings. This then leads to a production of a transcript or record of proceedings. Who is eligible? Any party to the proceedings is entitled to request for a copy of the record of proceedings. How do I get this service? A litigant/party can make a formal request in writing to the Registrar requesting for the production of the record of proceedings or transcript. Such a request/letter should indicate case number and full citation of the parties. What supporting documents are required? To get a typed transcript you will need to file an application (letter) requesting the transcript and file same with the Court Registry. How long will this service take? Production of a record of proceedings or transcript is dependent upon the length of a trial. This can vary from one (1) month to six (6) months. How much does it cost? A litigant or party is required to pay P2.00 per page for the production of a typed transcript. Where can I get more information on this Service For more information refer to the Rules of Court or contact the Registrar of the Industrial Court. The Registrar Industrial Court of Botswana Private Bag BR 267 Gaborone, Botswana Phone: (+267) 3900565 Fax: (+267) 3900567 Facebook: Industrial Court of Botswana Opening hours: 07:30 to 12:45 and 13:45 to 16:30 Monday to Friday, except public holidays. Additional information can also be obtained from the Rules of Court. Give Us Feedback Your name Your email address Subject Message Link Footer Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Give Us Feedback enquiries [at] gov.bw () Copyright © 2022. All right reserved. Government of Botswana.