Recruitment - Recruit Private | Government of Botswana Skip to main content GOV.BW Search Main navigation Home Services Agriculture Benefits and Payments Culture, Sports and Tourism Education and Learning Health and Wellness Immigration and Civil Registration Labour and Employment Land, Construction and Housing Law, Crime and Justice Living in Botswana Licensing & Permits Natural Resources and Environment Social Services Trade and Industry Transport and Communications Service Links Administration of Justice Animal Traceability and Identification Independent Electoral commission Laws of Botswana Ministry of Finance and Economic Development Parliament of Botswana Tourism Services Trade and Industry Vehicle License Renewal e-visa e-Services About Government Contact Us Ministries and Agencies Parastatals Publications Local Authorities Land Boards About Botswana About our Country Public Holidays School Terms News & Events Events News Press Releases Contact Us COVID-19 Breadcrumb Home » Labour and Employment » Employment & Apprentice » Recruitment - Recruit Private Recruitment - Recruit Private Overview The Recruit Privates Basic Military Training cycle is six (6) months Recruitment is done annually Who is eligible? Botswana citizens Aged between 18 and 24 years. On exceptional cases, age may be waived to recruit someone who is already holding a profession e.g. Medical Doctor Qualifications Potential Candidates should possess BGCSE or Equivalent with a minimum of 24 Points. Any other qualification to a maximum of Diploma or its Equivalent is an added advantage Requirements Candidate should possess a valid National Identity Card (Omang) or show valid proof of registration Candidates should be physically and mentally fit in accordance with the BDF Recruitment Medical Standards Minimum height of 165 cm for Males and 160 cm for Females Minimum body weight of 55 Kg for Males and 45 Kg for Females All candidates undergo the selection process, which include both physical fitness assessment and comprehensive medical examination Female candidates must not be pregnant How do I get this service? Vacancies are advertised or published in newspapers What supporting documents are required? Certified proof of qualification Valid National Identity Card (Omang) How long will this service take? The selection process takes 5 to 6 weeks How much does it cost? Free Where can I obtain this service? Sir Seretse Khama Barracks, BDF HQ, Mogoditshane Where can I get more information on this Service The Directorate of Protocol and Public Affairs Botswana Defence Force Sir Seretse Khama Barracks Private Bag X06 Gaborone Botswana Tel. (+267) 3662802/3662157/3662089 Give Us Feedback Your name Your email address Subject Message Link Footer Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Give Us Feedback enquiries [at] gov.bw () Copyright © 2022. All right reserved. Government of Botswana.