Registration for Artificial Insemination Training  | Government of Botswana Skip to main content GOV.BW Search Main navigation Home Services Agriculture Benefits and Payments Culture, Sports and Tourism Education and Learning Health and Wellness Immigration and Civil Registration Labour and Employment Land, Construction and Housing Law, Crime and Justice Living in Botswana Licensing & Permits Natural Resources and Environment Social Services Trade and Industry Transport and Communications Service Links Administration of Justice Animal Traceability and Identification Independent Electoral commission Laws of Botswana Ministry of Finance and Economic Development Parliament of Botswana Tourism Services Trade and Industry Vehicle License Renewal e-visa e-Services About Government Contact Us Ministries and Agencies Parastatals Publications Local Authorities Land Boards About Botswana About our Country Public Holidays School Terms News & Events Events News Press Releases Contact Us COVID-19 Breadcrumb Home » Registration for Artificial Insemination Training Registration for Artificial Insemination Training Overview This service allows farmers to register for free training on Artificial Insemination (AI). It also includes registration for training for private farmers for the on-farm AI programme. Who is eligible? Farmers who practice Artificial Insemination and Inseminators who would like to be trained should have the following: A valid National Identity Card (Omang). A Junior Certificate. Knowledge about livestock production. How do I get this service? Visit the closest District Animal Production Offices and register for the training with the relevant supporting documents. The Animal Production Officer will inform the applicant about the start of training and other details. What supporting documents are required? Certified copy of valid National Identity Card (Omang). Certified copy of Junior Certificate. How long will this service take? Immediate. How much does it cost? No cost. Where can I get more information on this Service Department of Animal Production Plot 4701, Mmaraka Road Private Bag 0032 Gaborone Botswana Tel. (+267) 3689625 Fax. (+267) 3951120 Call Centre: Tel. 17755 Email. moa17755 [at] gov.bw Opening hours: 07:30 to 12:45 and 13:45 to 16:30, Monday to Friday, except public holidays. Related Documents District Animal Production Offices (186.97 KB) Give Us Feedback Your name Your email address Subject Message Link Footer Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Give Us Feedback enquiries [at] gov.bw () Copyright © 2022. All right reserved. Government of Botswana.