Registration of Employers’ Organisation | Government of Botswana Skip to main content GOV.BW Search Main navigation Home Services Agriculture Benefits and Payments Culture, Sports and Tourism Education and Learning Health and Wellness Immigration and Civil Registration Labour and Employment Land, Construction and Housing Law, Crime and Justice Living in Botswana Licensing & Permits Natural Resources and Environment Social Services Trade and Industry Transport and Communications Service Links Administration of Justice Animal Traceability and Identification Independent Electoral commission Laws of Botswana Ministry of Finance and Economic Development Parliament of Botswana Tourism Services Trade and Industry Vehicle License Renewal e-visa e-Services About Government Contact Us Ministries and Agencies Parastatals Publications Local Authorities Land Boards About Botswana About our Country Public Holidays School Terms News & Events Events News Press Releases Contact Us COVID-19 Breadcrumb Home » Labour and Employment » Labour Administration » Registration of Employers’ Organisation Registration of Employers’ Organisation Overview Section 6(1) of the Trade Unions and Employers' Organizations Act, explains that every Employer's Organisation formed in Botswana, shall within twenty-eight (28) days immediately after its formation, apply to the Registrar of Trade Unions and Employers Organizations for registration. Who is eligible? Citizen and non-citizen companies registered in Botswana How do I get this service? Download, complete the Registration of employers’ organisation form and submit with supporting documents to office of the Registrar of Trade Unions and Employers Organizations. What supporting documents are required? Three original copies of the Employers' Organisation Constitution A copy of resolution of formation A list of full names of all members of the Employers' Organisation A list of full names of executive officers A written statement detailing the following: Name of the Employers' Organisation Postal address and location of its office Date of its formation Titles, full names, ages, occupations, and postal and residential addresses of the officers who signed the application Minutes of resolution to form a Employers' Organisation How long will this service take? Sixty (60) working days How much does it cost? BWP10.00 fee for registration BWP1.00 per word for constitution amendment BWP1.00 change of officers Where can I get more information on this Service Head Office Department of Labour and Social Security Block 8, Government Enclave Private Bag 0072 Gaborone Telephone. (+267) 3732772 Opening hours: 7:30 am to 12:45 and 13:45 to 16:30, Monday to Friday, except public holidays. Give Us Feedback Your name Your email address Subject Message Link Footer Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Give Us Feedback enquiries [at] gov.bw () Copyright © 2022. All right reserved. Government of Botswana.