Registration of Batswana living and travelling abroad | Government of Botswana Skip to main content GOV.BW Search Main navigation Home Services Agriculture Benefits and Payments Culture, Sports and Tourism Education and Learning Health and Wellness Immigration and Civil Registration Labour and Employment Land, Construction and Housing Law, Crime and Justice Living in Botswana Licensing & Permits Natural Resources and Environment Social Services Trade and Industry Transport and Communications Service Links Administration of Justice Animal Traceability and Identification Independent Electoral commission Laws of Botswana Ministry of Finance and Economic Development Parliament of Botswana Tourism Services Trade and Industry Vehicle License Renewal e-visa e-Services About Government Contact Us Ministries and Agencies Parastatals Publications Local Authorities Land Boards About Botswana About our Country Public Holidays School Terms News & Events Events News Press Releases Contact Us COVID-19 Breadcrumb Home » Immigration and Civil Registration » Immigration » Registration of Batswana living and travelling abroad Registration of Batswana living and travelling abroad Overview Batswana travelling abroad, whether on short- or long-term basis, should register with the nearest Botswana Mission, and or the ministry headquarters. This is important to ensure that all Batswana living abroad are kept abreast with current development issues in Botswana, and to be aware/alert of the location of all Batswana to extend consular services in case of emergencies and or natural disasters. Who is eligible? Citizens of Botswana How do I get this service? Inform the Department of Protocol and Consular Services Contact the nearest Botswana Embassy, High Commission or Botswana Honorary Consul. (link to form) Provide personal information including, contact details in country of destination and the particulars of the next of kin to contact in case of emergency'. What supporting documents are required? National Identification card (Omang) Travel Itinerary Completed Travel notification form Government sponsorship letter for students Valid passport How long will this service take? Immediate. How much does it cost? No cost Where can I get more information on this Service Ministry of International Affairs and Cooperation Department of Protocol and Consular Services Private Bag 00368 Gaborone Botswana Government Enclave Tel. (+267) 3600700 Fax. (+267) 3973067 Email. miacprotocol [at] gov.bw () Tel. (+267) 3600744 Fax. (+267) 3974516 Mob. (+267) 72 376 603 Opening hours: 07:30 to 12:45 and 13:45 to 16:30, Monday to Friday, except public holidays Related Services Application for civil registration documents abroad (Omang, National Passport, birth and death certificate, police clearance certificates, validation of driver’s licence) Emergency assistance Give Us Feedback Your name Your email address Subject Message Link Footer Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Give Us Feedback enquiries [at] gov.bw () Copyright © 2022. All right reserved. Government of Botswana.