Registration of Private Health Professionals | Government of Botswana Skip to main content GOV.BW Search Main navigation Home Services Agriculture Benefits and Payments Culture, Sports and Tourism Education and Learning Health and Wellness Immigration and Civil Registration Labour and Employment Land, Construction and Housing Law, Crime and Justice Living in Botswana Licensing & Permits Natural Resources and Environment Social Services Trade and Industry Transport and Communications Service Links Administration of Justice Animal Traceability and Identification Independent Electoral commission Laws of Botswana Ministry of Finance and Economic Development Parliament of Botswana Tourism Services Trade and Industry Vehicle License Renewal e-visa e-Services About Government Contact Us Ministries and Agencies Parastatals Publications Local Authorities Land Boards About Botswana About our Country Public Holidays School Terms News & Events Events News Press Releases Contact Us COVID-19 Breadcrumb Home » Health and Wellness » Accreditation Of Professionals » Registration of Private Health Professionals Registration of Private Health Professionals Overview This service makes provision for the licensing of private health practitioners in Botswana. Who is eligible? Health professionals. How do I get this service? Visit the Ministry of Health and Wellness Headquarters, floor 9 office 9A10. What supporting documents are required? Registration certificates from Botswana Health Professions Council. Passport for non-citizens. National identity card (Omang). How long will this service take? Immediate. How much does it cost? No cost to obtain this service. Where can I obtain this service? Ministry of Health and Wellness Headquarters Department of Health Services Private Practice Licensing Office Office 9A10 Tel: 3632505 Where can I get more information on this Service Ministry of Health and Wellnes Department of Health Services Private Practice Licensing Office Office 9A10 Tel: 3632505 Give Us Feedback Your name Your email address Subject Message Link Footer Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Give Us Feedback enquiries [at] gov.bw () Copyright © 2022. All right reserved. Government of Botswana.