Renunciation Of Citizenship By Reason Of Dual Citizenship  Or Nationality | Government of Botswana Skip to main content GOV.BW Search Main navigation Home Services Agriculture Benefits and Payments Culture, Sports and Tourism Education and Learning Health and Wellness Immigration and Civil Registration Labour and Employment Land, Construction and Housing Law, Crime and Justice Living in Botswana Licensing & Permits Natural Resources and Environment Social Services Trade and Industry Transport and Communications Service Links Administration of Justice Animal Traceability and Identification Independent Electoral commission Laws of Botswana Ministry of Finance and Economic Development Parliament of Botswana Tourism Services Trade and Industry Vehicle License Renewal e-visa e-Services About Government Contact Us Ministries and Agencies Parastatals Publications Local Authorities Land Boards About Botswana About our Country Public Holidays School Terms News & Events Events News Press Releases Contact Us COVID-19 Breadcrumb Home » Immigration and Civil Registration » Citizenship » Renunciation Of Citizenship By Reason Of Dual Citizenship Or Nationality Renunciation Of Citizenship By Reason Of Dual Citizenship Or Nationality Overview Citizens of Botswana who wish to renounce their citizenship can submit an official request to the Government to de-register from the national civil registry. Who is eligible? All citizens of Botswana who meet the following criteria qualify for the service: Has acquired citizenship of another country Must be over 21 years of age How do I get this service? In order to access this service, applicants must follow the following steps: Provide proof of citizenship from another country Complete and submit Form R Declaration of Renunciation/Abandonment of Citizenship of Botswana, required documents (listed below) and BWP 10.00 to any Immigration Office (address provided below) Wait for proof of renunciation letter from Botswana Immigration Offices After receipt of proof of renunciation, surrender Botswana documents (National identity card and Passport to your nearest Immigration Offices or Mission) What supporting documents are required? Two(2) recent coloured passport size photos Complete a Certificate of Origin form obtained from the Department of Immigration and Citizenship Proof of citizenship from another country Police report from foreign country with the applicant’s finger prints Certified copy of birth certificate or affidavit in lieu of birth certificate Certified copy of parent’s citizenship status How long will this service take? This service takes approximately one (1) month to complete. How much does it cost? The cost associated with this service is BWP 10.00. Where can I obtain this service? Opening hours: 7:30 to 12:45, and 13:45 to 16:30, Monday to Friday, except public holidays. Related Services Citizenship Application – Dual Citizenship Give Us Feedback Your name Your email address Subject Message Link Footer Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Give Us Feedback enquiries [at] gov.bw () Copyright © 2022. All right reserved. Government of Botswana.