Reporting Road Traffic Accidents | Government of Botswana Skip to main content GOV.BW Search Main navigation Home Services Agriculture Benefits and Payments Culture, Sports and Tourism Education and Learning Health and Wellness Immigration and Civil Registration Labour and Employment Land, Construction and Housing Law, Crime and Justice Living in Botswana Licensing & Permits Natural Resources and Environment Social Services Trade and Industry Transport and Communications Service Links Administration of Justice Animal Traceability and Identification Independent Electoral commission Laws of Botswana Ministry of Finance and Economic Development Parliament of Botswana Tourism Services Trade and Industry Vehicle License Renewal e-visa e-Services About Government Contact Us Ministries and Agencies Parastatals Publications Local Authorities Land Boards About Botswana About our Country Public Holidays School Terms News & Events Events News Press Releases Contact Us COVID-19 Breadcrumb Home » Law, Crime and Justice » policing » Reporting Road Traffic Accidents Reporting Road Traffic Accidents Overview When members of the public are involved in road traffic accidents, they are required by law to report in person to the nearest police station or by calling. The following information should be provided when reporting a road traffic accident: The exact location of the accident Any injuries at the scene Number of vehicles involved If other services are required such as the fire brigade and medical assistance Who is eligible? Victim Witness Any member of the public How do I get this service? Visit any police station or police post Call 999 What supporting documents are required? None How long will this service take? Our standards for responding after receiving a report are : 16 minutes in urban areas 60 minutes in other areas How much does it cost? Free Where can I obtain this service? Any police station or post. Where can I get more information on this Service Any police station or post. Give Us Feedback Your name Your email address Subject Message Link Footer Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Give Us Feedback enquiries [at] gov.bw () Copyright © 2022. All right reserved. Government of Botswana.