Reporting an Incident to the Police | Government of Botswana Skip to main content GOV.BW Search Main navigation Home Services Agriculture Benefits and Payments Culture, Sports and Tourism Education and Learning Health and Wellness Immigration and Civil Registration Labour and Employment Land, Construction and Housing Law, Crime and Justice Living in Botswana Licensing & Permits Natural Resources and Environment Social Services Trade and Industry Transport and Communications Service Links Administration of Justice Animal Traceability and Identification Independent Electoral commission Laws of Botswana Ministry of Finance and Economic Development Parliament of Botswana Tourism Services Trade and Industry Vehicle License Renewal e-visa e-Services About Government Contact Us Ministries and Agencies Parastatals Publications Local Authorities Land Boards About Botswana About our Country Public Holidays School Terms News & Events Events News Press Releases Contact Us COVID-19 Breadcrumb Home » Law, Crime and Justice » policing » Reporting an Incident to the Police Reporting an Incident to the Police Overview This service entails how the police respond to call outs regarding crime reports/incidents. Members of the public are encouraged to report any crime, road traffic accident or any incident reportable to the police. The following information may be required when reporting; Exact location of the incident Time of the incident Any injuries or causalities Who is eligible? Victim Witness Any member of the public. How do I get this service? For emergency call 999 Report to nearest police station, police post Report to any police officer in proximity What supporting documents are required? None How long will this service take? Our standards for responding after receiving a report are: 16 minutes in urban areas 60 minutes in other areas How much does it cost? Free Where can I obtain this service? Any police station or post. Where can I get more information on this Service At the nearest police station, post or establishment. Related Services Reporting Crime to the Police Give Us Feedback Your name Your email address Subject Message Link Footer Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Give Us Feedback enquiries [at] gov.bw () Copyright © 2022. All right reserved. Government of Botswana.