Reporting Crime to the Police | Government of Botswana Skip to main content GOV.BW Search Main navigation Home Services Agriculture Benefits and Payments Culture, Sports and Tourism Education and Learning Health and Wellness Immigration and Civil Registration Labour and Employment Land, Construction and Housing Law, Crime and Justice Living in Botswana Licensing & Permits Natural Resources and Environment Social Services Trade and Industry Transport and Communications Service Links Administration of Justice Animal Traceability and Identification Independent Electoral commission Laws of Botswana Ministry of Finance and Economic Development Parliament of Botswana Tourism Services Trade and Industry Vehicle License Renewal e-visa e-Services About Government Contact Us Ministries and Agencies Parastatals Publications Local Authorities Land Boards About Botswana About our Country Public Holidays School Terms News & Events Events News Press Releases Contact Us COVID-19 Breadcrumb Home » Law, Crime and Justice » policing » Reporting Crime to the Police Reporting Crime to the Police Overview Members of the public are encouraged to report to the police any crime or suspicious incident. If you have been the victim of crime, have witnessed a crime or would like to report that a crime has been committed there are several ways to do it. You will be asked the following; Nature of the incident Time of incident Location (i.e. plot number, street, H/No or any nearest land mark) Identity of the suspect or physical description of the suspect Any weapons used Other witnesses where possible Who is eligible? Victim of Crime Witness of crime Or any member of the public How do I get this service? Contact the nearest police station, police post or any police establishment Call 999 Report to any police officer in proximity What supporting documents are required? None How long will this service take? Our standards for responding after receiving a report are : 16 minutes in urban areas 60 minutes in other areas How much does it cost? Free Where can I obtain this service? Any police station or police post Where can I get more information on this Service Any police station, post or police establishment Related Services Reporting an Incident to the Police Give Us Feedback Your name Your email address Subject Message Link Footer Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Give Us Feedback enquiries [at] gov.bw () Copyright © 2022. All right reserved. Government of Botswana.