Request for Accreditation for new Foreign Head of Mission | Government of Botswana Skip to main content GOV.BW Search Main navigation Home Services Agriculture Benefits and Payments Culture, Sports and Tourism Education and Learning Health and Wellness Immigration and Civil Registration Labour and Employment Land, Construction and Housing Law, Crime and Justice Living in Botswana Licensing & Permits Natural Resources and Environment Social Services Trade and Industry Transport and Communications Service Links Administration of Justice Animal Traceability and Identification Independent Electoral commission Laws of Botswana Ministry of Finance and Economic Development Parliament of Botswana Tourism Services Trade and Industry Vehicle License Renewal e-visa e-Services About Government Contact Us Ministries and Agencies Parastatals Publications Local Authorities Land Boards About Botswana About our Country Public Holidays School Terms News & Events Events News Press Releases Contact Us COVID-19 Breadcrumb Home » Living in Botswana » Diplomacy » Request for Accreditation for new Foreign Head of Mission Request for Accreditation for new Foreign Head of Mission Overview Accreditation of new Heads of Diplomatic Missions, Honorary Consul and Heads of International Organisations accredited to the Republic of Botswana Who is eligible? Newly appointed / accredited Heads of Missions, Honorary Consuls and Heads of International Organisations to the Republic of Botswana How do I get this service? The process to accredit a new Ambassador / High Commissioner begins with the Mission or Ministry of Foreign Affairs of the sending State submitting to the Ministry of International Affairs and Cooperation (Office of the Chief of Protocol) a Note Verbale accompanied by curriculum vitae (CV) of the proposed candidate, requesting an Agrément. What supporting documents are required? Note Verbale from the sending State or international Organisation, accompanied by curriculum vitae (CV) of the proposed candidate, requesting an Agrément. How long will this service take? Immediate How much does it cost? No costs Where can I get more information on this Service Ministry of International Affairs and Cooperation Private Bag 00368 Gaborone Botswana Government Enclave Tel. (+267) 3600700 Fax. (+267) 3973067 Email. miacprotocol [at] gov.bw () Tel. (+267) 3600744 Fax. (+267) 3974516 Related Documents Vienna Convention on Consular Relations_4.pdf (469.16 KB) Vienna Convention on Diplomatic Relations_6.pdf (271.43 KB) Botswana Tax Act (BURS)_Diplomats_IRD_1.pdf (45.57 KB) Botswana's Diplomatic_Privileges_and_Immunities Act_4.pdf (5.7 KB) Give Us Feedback Your name Your email address Subject Message Link Footer Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Give Us Feedback enquiries [at] gov.bw () Copyright © 2022. All right reserved. Government of Botswana.