Request for Genetic Material  | Government of Botswana Skip to main content GOV.BW Search Main navigation Home Services Agriculture Benefits and Payments Culture, Sports and Tourism Education and Learning Health and Wellness Immigration and Civil Registration Labour and Employment Land, Construction and Housing Law, Crime and Justice Living in Botswana Licensing & Permits Natural Resources and Environment Social Services Trade and Industry Transport and Communications Service Links Administration of Justice Animal Traceability and Identification Independent Electoral commission Laws of Botswana Ministry of Finance and Economic Development Parliament of Botswana Tourism Services Trade and Industry Vehicle License Renewal e-visa e-Services About Government Contact Us Ministries and Agencies Parastatals Publications Local Authorities Land Boards About Botswana About our Country Public Holidays School Terms News & Events Events News Press Releases Contact Us COVID-19 Breadcrumb Home » Agriculture » Crop Production » Request for Genetic Material Request for Genetic Material Overview The National Plant Genetic Resources Unit in the Department of Agricultural Research of the Ministry of Agricultural Development and Food Security collects and conserves seeds of cultivated crops, their wild relatives and other useful wild plant species. The conserved plant genetic resources provide raw material (traits) for present and future use to improve the quality and productivity of crops. This also serves as a backup for any incidental loss of species due to wild fires, indiscriminate harvesting and harsh environmental conditions. Researchers, famers and academics or anyone interested in acquiring conserved genetic material can make a request for genetic material. Who is eligible? Any person interested in acquiring conserved genetic material Researchers and academics Farmers How do I get this service? Submit letter addressed to the Gene Bank Manager of the National Plant Genetic Resources Centre (NPGRC) of the Ministry of Agricultural Development and Food Security making a request for genetic material. If the material is available, a sample is prepared, and the applicant is contacted to collect the sample from NPGRC. What supporting documents are required? A certified copy of National Identity Card (Omang) for citizens. A certified copy of a Passport. How long will this service take? Two to Seven (2-7) working days, depending on the proximity of the applicant to the NPGRC. How much does it cost? No cost. Where can I obtain this service? Ministry of Agricultural Development and Food Security Opening hours: 07:30 to 12:45 and 13:45 to 16:30, Monday to Friday, except public holidays. Where can I get more information on this Service Gene Bank Manager National Plant Genetic Resources Centre (NPGRC) Department of Agricultural Research Ministry of Agricultural Development and Food Security Content Farm, Sebele Private Bag 0033 Gaborone Botswana Tel. (+267) 3668100 ext. 8180 Fax (+267) 3190783 or (+267) 3928965 Call Centre: 17755 Email. moa17755 [at] gov.bw Related Forms Genetic Material Transfer Agreement Form (103.33 KB) Give Us Feedback Your name Your email address Subject Message Link Footer Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Give Us Feedback enquiries [at] gov.bw () Copyright © 2022. All right reserved. Government of Botswana.