Residence Permit Application | Government of Botswana Skip to main content GOV.BW Search Main navigation Home Services Agriculture Benefits and Payments Culture, Sports and Tourism Education and Learning Health and Wellness Immigration and Civil Registration Labour and Employment Land, Construction and Housing Law, Crime and Justice Living in Botswana Licensing & Permits Natural Resources and Environment Social Services Trade and Industry Transport and Communications Service Links Administration of Justice Animal Traceability and Identification Independent Electoral commission Laws of Botswana Ministry of Finance and Economic Development Parliament of Botswana Tourism Services Trade and Industry Vehicle License Renewal e-visa e-Services About Government Contact Us Ministries and Agencies Parastatals Publications Local Authorities Land Boards About Botswana About our Country Public Holidays School Terms News & Events Events News Press Releases Contact Us COVID-19 Breadcrumb Home » Immigration and Civil Registration » residency and work » Residence Permit Application Residence Permit Application Overview All non-citizens who wish to stay in Botswana should apply for a residence permit to allow them to live in the country. Persons who are above 18 are required to apply separately if they wish to stay in Botswana and their applications should be supported by the person(s) upon whom they will depend on while in Botswana. Who is eligible? Any non-citizen who wishes to stay in Botswana beyond the visitation period is eligible for this service. How do I get this service? In order to access this service, applicants must complete the following steps. Complete an application form for residence permit Submit the application form to any Immigration office and pay the applicable fees Check outcome from the office where you applied If application is successful, a residence permit sticker will be stamped in the passport If unsuccessful, an applicant can appeal the outcome and or leave the country What supporting documents are required? Applicable to all Two recent coloured passport size photos Certified copy of birth certificate. If the applicant is unable to provide such proof of birth, a statement setting out the reasons must be attached Certified copy of marriage certificate for each applicant if applicable A medical report of full physical examination Dependents Supporter’s particulars- Copy of Omang or Residence Permit, Work Permit and letter of support Letter of consent from the parent if supporter is not a biological parent If legally separated, provide a copy of the court order certified as being correct by an official of the court which made it Certified copy of adoption certificate where applicable Students Proof of admission letter Employees Certified copies of educational certificates and references Job posting of position secured Localization plan Stock Card and Brand Certificate (Herd Boy) Field certificate or lease agreement (Farm Labourer) Accreditation from Botswana Football association (Footballers and coaches) Ordination certificate and Church registration certificate (Pastors) Clearance Certificate from Education (Teachers) Clearance from Ministry of Health (Doctors) Clearance from Botswana Accountancy Association (Accountants) Investors Name of business Location of business Service provided or goods sold Number of employees hired Shares held Value of property owned or copy of lease agreement Type of trading license held Tax returns Company bank statement for the most recent 3 months How long will this service take? Thirty (30) working days to complete. How much does it cost? The cost to apply for the residence permit is BWP 1500.00. Where can I obtain this service? Departmental HQ, Regional Immigration Offices and District Immigration Offices. Ministry of Nationality, Immigration and Gender Affairs Department of Immigration and Citizenship Migration and Visa Division Head Office, Block 8, Government Enclave Khama Crescent Gaborone, Botswana Private Bag 002 Tel. (+267) 361 1300 Toll Free. 0800 600 777 All Regional Immigration Offices, District Immigration Offices and Missions. Opening hours: 7:30 to 12:45, and 13:45 to 16:30, Monday to Friday, except public holidays. Where can I get more information on this Service Botswana, Botswana Government, Republic of Botswana, Government of Botswana. Give Us Feedback Your name Your email address Subject Message Link Footer Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Give Us Feedback enquiries [at] gov.bw () Copyright © 2022. All right reserved. Government of Botswana.