Review Application | Government of Botswana Skip to main content GOV.BW Search Main navigation Home Services Agriculture Benefits and Payments Culture, Sports and Tourism Education and Learning Health and Wellness Immigration and Civil Registration Labour and Employment Land, Construction and Housing Law, Crime and Justice Living in Botswana Licensing & Permits Natural Resources and Environment Social Services Trade and Industry Transport and Communications Service Links Administration of Justice Animal Traceability and Identification Independent Electoral commission Laws of Botswana Ministry of Finance and Economic Development Parliament of Botswana Tourism Services Trade and Industry Vehicle License Renewal e-visa e-Services About Government Contact Us Ministries and Agencies Parastatals Publications Local Authorities Land Boards About Botswana About our Country Public Holidays School Terms News & Events Events News Press Releases Contact Us COVID-19 Breadcrumb Home » Review Application Review Application Overview This is a Review Under Rule 32 of the Industrial Court Rules to the Industrial court against the decision of the Mediators/Arbitrators in terms of section 21 (1) of the Trade Disputes Act of 2016. Who is eligible? Any aggrieved party in terms of section cited above who wishes to have the decision set aside and the matter to be referred back to Commissioner of Labour for the matter to be allocated to another mediator/Arbitrator for arbitration/mediation to be done all over again. How do I get this service? In order to file a Review, follow the steps below: Get a referral certificate from District Labour office and bring it to the Industrial Court Registry. Complete form 3 - Notice of Motion as near as can be in terms the schedule. Affidavit (stating the grounds on which the applicant seeks to have the decisions of the arbitrator set aside) Record of the proceedings from District Labour Office. File and serve the application on the Respondent(s). File proof of service and wait for any response from the Respondent(s). Application is enrolled for a hearing on a date to be decided upon by the court. The court will then hear the appeal on the date set and make its determination. What supporting documents are required? Form 3 – Notice of Motion Certificate of referral in terms of section 7 “I” of the Trade Disputes Act 2016 Record of proceedings from District Labour Office encompassing the decision at mediation/arbitration level How long will this service take? Once the appeal has been delivered to the Judge for enrollment, the appeal process is expected to be completed within approximately three (3) months. How much does it cost? This service is for free. Where can I get more information on this Service For more information, please refer to the Trade Disputes Act; the Industrial Court Rules or contact the office listed below. The Registrar Industrial Court of Botswana Private Bag BR 267 Gaborone, Botswana Phone: (+267) 3900565 Fax: (+267) 3900567 Facebook: Industrial Court of Botswana Opening hours: 07:30 to 12:45 and 13:45 to 16:30 Monday to Friday, except public holidays. Additional information can also be obtained from the Rules of Court Related Forms Notice of Representation_5 (192.31 KB) Notice fo Motion_1 (194.92 KB) Notice of Opposition_2 (209.65 KB) Despondence Answering Affidavit_2 (217.96 KB) Notice of Motion for Review (216.03 KB) Substituted Service_3 (214.48 KB) Give Us Feedback Your name Your email address Subject Message Link Footer Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Give Us Feedback enquiries [at] gov.bw () Copyright © 2022. All right reserved. Government of Botswana.