Rural Area Development Programme  | Government of Botswana Skip to main content GOV.BW Search Main navigation Home Services Agriculture Benefits and Payments Culture, Sports and Tourism Education and Learning Health and Wellness Immigration and Civil Registration Labour and Employment Land, Construction and Housing Law, Crime and Justice Living in Botswana Licensing & Permits Natural Resources and Environment Social Services Trade and Industry Transport and Communications Service Links Administration of Justice Animal Traceability and Identification Independent Electoral commission Laws of Botswana Ministry of Finance and Economic Development Parliament of Botswana Tourism Services Trade and Industry Vehicle License Renewal e-visa e-Services About Government Contact Us Ministries and Agencies Parastatals Publications Local Authorities Land Boards About Botswana About our Country Public Holidays School Terms News & Events Events News Press Releases Contact Us COVID-19 Breadcrumb Home » Social Services » Rural Development » Rural Area Development Programme Rural Area Development Programme Overview To improve the quality of life of Citizen residents in remote areas by providing various poverty alleviation programmes to those who are disadvantaged. These efforts are to promote resilient family units in our communities. Who is eligible? Any Botswana citizen who is 18 years of age or older, living in any of the 69 Settlements Qualified under the Rural Area Development Programme could apply. How do I get this service? Visit the Social and Community Development Office in his or her area, with the supporting documents. The Social and Community Development Officer would provide the applicant with detailed information on the scheme and perform a site visit at the agreed time to assess the suitability of the applicant's premises for poverty alleviating programs. If the premises are not suitable, the officer would advise the applicant to select a more suitable benefits programme. Successful applicants are provided with technical skills and awareness, and business training, prior to receiving the programs. What supporting documents are required? Social inquiry form (available at Botswana urban and District Council offices and filled out by the Social and Community Development Officer). Valid National Identity card (Omang). How long will this service take? Two (2) months. How much does it cost? No cost Where can I get more information on this Service Contact any of the Botswana Urban and District Council Offices, Opening hours - 07:30 to 16:30, Monday to Friday, except public holidays. Related Documents Local Authorities Contacts (406.98 KB) Give Us Feedback Your name Your email address Subject Message Link Footer Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Give Us Feedback enquiries [at] gov.bw () Copyright © 2022. All right reserved. Government of Botswana.