Safe Male Circumcision (SMC) | Government of Botswana Skip to main content GOV.BW Search Main navigation Home Services Agriculture Benefits and Payments Culture, Sports and Tourism Education and Learning Health and Wellness Immigration and Civil Registration Labour and Employment Land, Construction and Housing Law, Crime and Justice Living in Botswana Licensing & Permits Natural Resources and Environment Social Services Trade and Industry Transport and Communications Service Links Administration of Justice Animal Traceability and Identification Independent Electoral commission Laws of Botswana Ministry of Finance and Economic Development Parliament of Botswana Tourism Services Trade and Industry Vehicle License Renewal e-visa e-Services About Government Contact Us Ministries and Agencies Parastatals Publications Local Authorities Land Boards About Botswana About our Country Public Holidays School Terms News & Events Events News Press Releases Contact Us COVID-19 Breadcrumb Home » Health and Wellness » Disease Prevention & Control » Safe Male Circumcision (SMC) Safe Male Circumcision (SMC) Overview Male circumcision is the surgical removal of the foreskin covering the head of the penis to permanently expose the glands. Safe Male Circumcision is one of the Human Immunodeficiency Viruses (HIV) prevention strategies. Who is eligible? HIV negative men aged 0-49 years. How do I get this service? Visit designated health facilities. Mobile clinics in hard to reach areas. What supporting documents are required? Birth certificate for minors. Valid National Identity card (Omang). Valid Passport for non-citizens. How long will this service take? Immediate. How much does it cost? No cost. Where can I obtain this service? Designated health facilities Where can I get more information on this Service All Health facilities in the country provide information of Safe Male Circumcision. (Clinics and hospitals), MOH HQ. Telephone number: 3632235. Give Us Feedback Your name Your email address Subject Message Link Footer Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Give Us Feedback enquiries [at] gov.bw () Copyright © 2022. All right reserved. Government of Botswana.