Sale of advertising space (DailyNews and Kutlwano) | Government of Botswana Skip to main content GOV.BW Search Main navigation Home Services Agriculture Benefits and Payments Culture, Sports and Tourism Education and Learning Health and Wellness Immigration and Civil Registration Labour and Employment Land, Construction and Housing Law, Crime and Justice Living in Botswana Licensing & Permits Natural Resources and Environment Social Services Trade and Industry Transport and Communications Service Links Administration of Justice Animal Traceability and Identification Independent Electoral commission Laws of Botswana Ministry of Finance and Economic Development Parliament of Botswana Tourism Services Trade and Industry Vehicle License Renewal e-visa e-Services About Government Contact Us Ministries and Agencies Parastatals Publications Local Authorities Land Boards About Botswana About our Country Public Holidays School Terms News & Events Events News Press Releases Contact Us COVID-19 Breadcrumb Home » Sale of advertising space (DailyNews and Kutlwano) Sale of advertising space (DailyNews and Kutlwano) Overview The service is offered for purposes of selling advertising space (display and classifieds advertisements) in the DailyNews and Kutlwano Magazine to the general public, companies and various organisations. Who is eligible? Citizens and non-citizens. How do I get this service? Visit Information Services offices or send email to request for advertising space. What supporting documents are required? National Identity document (Omang) for Citizens Passport for non-citizens Soft copy for display advertisements How long will this service take? Five (5) working days. How much does it cost? Varying costs Dependent on customer’s requirements. Display advertisements charged based on size of space and colour(s) while Classifieds advertisements charged based on number of words (max of 50 words). BWP4.00 per word for classifieds adverts Where can I obtain this service? Visit or contact our office. Where can I get more information on this Service Link (Information services contacts) Tel: 3653500 Fax: 3653630 Email: dailynews.marketing [at] gmail.com Related Forms Classified Form (317.85 KB) Give Us Feedback Your name Your email address Subject Message Link Footer Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Give Us Feedback enquiries [at] gov.bw () Copyright © 2022. All right reserved. Government of Botswana.