Sale of Maps | Government of Botswana Skip to main content GOV.BW Search Main navigation Home Services Agriculture Benefits and Payments Culture, Sports and Tourism Education and Learning Health and Wellness Immigration and Civil Registration Labour and Employment Land, Construction and Housing Law, Crime and Justice Living in Botswana Licensing & Permits Natural Resources and Environment Social Services Trade and Industry Transport and Communications Service Links Administration of Justice Animal Traceability and Identification Independent Electoral commission Laws of Botswana Ministry of Finance and Economic Development Parliament of Botswana Tourism Services Trade and Industry Vehicle License Renewal e-visa e-Services About Government Contact Us Ministries and Agencies Parastatals Publications Local Authorities Land Boards About Botswana About our Country Public Holidays School Terms News & Events Events News Press Releases Contact Us COVID-19 Breadcrumb Home » Licensing and Permits » Mining » Sale of Maps Sale of Maps Overview The sale of maps is to indicate the existing prospecting and mining licences and also show available areas, which customers can apply for in Botswana. Who is eligible? Businesses, Citizens and Non-citizens. How do I get this service? Maps are ready for purchase at the end of every first week of every month. What supporting documents are required? No supporting documents needed. How long will this service take? The service is completed within one (1) day. How much does it cost? P20.00 per map. Where can I obtain this service? Please contact the office listed below. Director Department of Mines (Housed at Ministry of Basic Education building, floor 4) P/Bag 0049 Gaborone Botswana Government Enclave, Block 6, Khama Crescent Tel. (+267) 365 7000 Fax. (+267) 395 2141 Email: mines [at] gov.bw Opening hours: 7:30 am to 4:30 pm, Monday to Friday, except public holidays. Where can I get more information on this Service Department of Mines Ministry of Education Building Floor 4 Tel. (267) 365 7000 Fax (267) 3952141 Email:mines [at] gov.bw Give Us Feedback Your name Your email address Subject Message Link Footer Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Give Us Feedback enquiries [at] gov.bw () Copyright © 2022. All right reserved. Government of Botswana.