Sale of Animal Ear Tags  | Government of Botswana Skip to main content GOV.BW Search Main navigation Home Services Agriculture Benefits and Payments Culture, Sports and Tourism Education and Learning Health and Wellness Immigration and Civil Registration Labour and Employment Land, Construction and Housing Law, Crime and Justice Living in Botswana Licensing & Permits Natural Resources and Environment Social Services Trade and Industry Transport and Communications Service Links Administration of Justice Animal Traceability and Identification Independent Electoral commission Laws of Botswana Ministry of Finance and Economic Development Parliament of Botswana Tourism Services Trade and Industry Vehicle License Renewal e-visa e-Services About Government Contact Us Ministries and Agencies Parastatals Publications Local Authorities Land Boards About Botswana About our Country Public Holidays School Terms News & Events Events News Press Releases Contact Us COVID-19 Breadcrumb Home » Sale of Animal Ear Tags Sale of Animal Ear Tags Overview In accordance to the Diseases of Animals act CAP 37:01 Statutory Instrument No. 7 Botswana Animal information and Traceability system Regulations, all animals above six months of age should be identified with official combo-tags. These combo tags can be purchased by farmers at the following Livestock Advisory Centres (LACs) across the country. Farmers in FMD zones will only purchase tags at district of origin. Who is eligible? Citizens and residents How do I get this service? Visit any local Department of Veterinary Services-DVS, District Office with Livestock Advisory Centre-LAC. What supporting documents are required? Applicable identity How long will this service take? 30 minutes. How much does it cost? Combo tags cost BWP 20.00. Where can I obtain this service? Visit the nearest Department of Veterinary (DVS) Office , BAITS Café/agent, or Livestock Advisory Centre (LAC) Opening hours: 07:30 to 12:45 and 13:45 to 16:30, Monday to Friday, except public holidays. Where can I get more information on this Service The nearest Department of Veterinary (DVS) Office , BAITS Café/agent, Livestock Advisory Centres (LACs) Or Call Centre: 17755 Email. moa17755 [at] gov.bw Related Documents Livestock Advisory Centres (LAC) Contacts (226.98 KB) District Veterinary Offices (145.32 KB) BAITS Regulations (5.54 MB) Give Us Feedback Your name Your email address Subject Message Link Footer Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Give Us Feedback enquiries [at] gov.bw () Copyright © 2022. All right reserved. Government of Botswana.