Sale of Photographs | Government of Botswana Skip to main content GOV.BW Search Main navigation Home Services Agriculture Benefits and Payments Culture, Sports and Tourism Education and Learning Health and Wellness Immigration and Civil Registration Labour and Employment Land, Construction and Housing Law, Crime and Justice Living in Botswana Licensing & Permits Natural Resources and Environment Social Services Trade and Industry Transport and Communications Service Links Administration of Justice Animal Traceability and Identification Independent Electoral commission Laws of Botswana Ministry of Finance and Economic Development Parliament of Botswana Tourism Services Trade and Industry Vehicle License Renewal e-visa e-Services About Government Contact Us Ministries and Agencies Parastatals Publications Local Authorities Land Boards About Botswana About our Country Public Holidays School Terms News & Events Events News Press Releases Contact Us COVID-19 Breadcrumb Home » Sale of Photographs Sale of Photographs Overview This service is for companies, government departments and individuals who wish to buy photographs. How do I get this service? Write a letter to the Director, copy to the Head of Photography, then specify which photographs you would want to buy and what you intend to use them for. Upon collection you need to bring your own storage device, in a form of a memory stick, CD, DVD or hard drive, since only soft copies are sold. What supporting documents are required? Detailed official letter of request. How long will this service take? For readily available digital photographs, service could be rendered within two (2) days, whereas for un-digitised archival film negatives it would take about a week or more. How much does it cost? BWP400.00 per photograph (Cash, Point of Sale, cheque or Adjustment voucher). Where can I get more information on this Service Tel: 3653500 Fax: 3653629 Email: dinepeng [at] gmail.com Give Us Feedback Your name Your email address Subject Message Link Footer Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Give Us Feedback enquiries [at] gov.bw () Copyright © 2022. All right reserved. Government of Botswana.