School Transportation (Rural Area Development Programme)  | Government of Botswana Skip to main content GOV.BW Search Main navigation Home Services Agriculture Benefits and Payments Culture, Sports and Tourism Education and Learning Health and Wellness Immigration and Civil Registration Labour and Employment Land, Construction and Housing Law, Crime and Justice Living in Botswana Licensing & Permits Natural Resources and Environment Social Services Trade and Industry Transport and Communications Service Links Administration of Justice Animal Traceability and Identification Independent Electoral commission Laws of Botswana Ministry of Finance and Economic Development Parliament of Botswana Tourism Services Trade and Industry Vehicle License Renewal e-visa e-Services About Government Contact Us Ministries and Agencies Parastatals Publications Local Authorities Land Boards About Botswana About our Country Public Holidays School Terms News & Events Events News Press Releases Contact Us COVID-19 Breadcrumb Home » Social Services » Rural Development » School Transportation (Rural Area Development Programme) School Transportation (Rural Area Development Programme) Overview To ensure that children who are beneficiaries, living in the remote areas are entitled to free transportation to and from their boarding schools to enable them to have equal access to education. These remote areas are determined by the challenges found in their actual location, conditions of the roads and accessibility to public transport. Who is eligible? Citizen and residents enrolled in a school, living in any of the 69 Settlements Qualified Under the Rural Area Development Programme could apply. How do I get this service? Any parent interested in accessing this service for his/her children must follow the following steps two (2)weeks prior to the beginning of the school term; Visit the Social and Community Development (S&CD) office in the area with supporting documents outlined below, and expressing transportation needs to the S&CD officer. Provide the S&CD Officer with the children's and parents` names, home address, school address, and parents` contact information. The S&CD Officer would later advise the parents of their children collection time and location where they are to be collected. What supporting documents are required? Child's Birth Certificate. Parents' National Identification document (Omang). How long will this service take? Five (5) working days How much does it cost? No cost Where can I obtain this service? Social and Community Development Offices Where can I get more information on this Service For more information or to access this service, please contact any of the Botswana Urban and District Council Offices, 07:30 to 16:30, Monday to Friday, except public holidays. Related Documents Local Authorities Contacts (406.98 KB) Give Us Feedback Your name Your email address Subject Message Link Footer Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Give Us Feedback enquiries [at] gov.bw () Copyright © 2022. All right reserved. Government of Botswana.