Search Historical Legislation   | Government of Botswana Skip to main content GOV.BW Search Main navigation Home Services Agriculture Benefits and Payments Culture, Sports and Tourism Education and Learning Health and Wellness Immigration and Civil Registration Labour and Employment Land, Construction and Housing Law, Crime and Justice Living in Botswana Licensing & Permits Natural Resources and Environment Social Services Trade and Industry Transport and Communications Service Links Administration of Justice Animal Traceability and Identification Independent Electoral commission Laws of Botswana Ministry of Finance and Economic Development Parliament of Botswana Tourism Services Trade and Industry Vehicle License Renewal e-visa e-Services About Government Contact Us Ministries and Agencies Parastatals Publications Local Authorities Land Boards About Botswana About our Country Public Holidays School Terms News & Events Events News Press Releases Contact Us COVID-19 Breadcrumb Home » Law, Crime and Justice » legal » Search Historical Legislation Search Historical Legislation Overview Botswana historical legislation, including those enacted pre-independence and post-independence, is listed on the Botswana e-Laws website.  Historical legislation can be searched and downloaded in PDF format from the e-Laws website. Who is eligible? Public How do I get this service? To retrieve a listing of historical legislation, conduct a search and download PDF copies of the legislation, visit the Botswana e-Laws website and click on the historical legislation tab. Botswana e-Laws web address: www.elaws.gov.bw How long will this service take? Immediate How much does it cost? No cost Where can I get more information on this Service Attorney General's Chambers Private Bag 009 Gaborone Botswana Tel. (+267) 361-3928 Fax. (+267) 393-0261 Email. kjmarumo [at] gov.bw  Opening hours: 07:30 to 12:45 and 13:45 to 16:30, Monday to Friday, except public holidays Give Us Feedback Your name Your email address Subject Message Link Footer Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Give Us Feedback enquiries [at] gov.bw () Copyright © 2022. All right reserved. Government of Botswana.