Seed Testing Application  | Government of Botswana Skip to main content GOV.BW Search Main navigation Home Services Agriculture Benefits and Payments Culture, Sports and Tourism Education and Learning Health and Wellness Immigration and Civil Registration Labour and Employment Land, Construction and Housing Law, Crime and Justice Living in Botswana Licensing & Permits Natural Resources and Environment Social Services Trade and Industry Transport and Communications Service Links Administration of Justice Animal Traceability and Identification Independent Electoral commission Laws of Botswana Ministry of Finance and Economic Development Parliament of Botswana Tourism Services Trade and Industry Vehicle License Renewal e-visa e-Services About Government Contact Us Ministries and Agencies Parastatals Publications Local Authorities Land Boards About Botswana About our Country Public Holidays School Terms News & Events Events News Press Releases Contact Us COVID-19 Breadcrumb Home » Agriculture » Crop Production » Seed Testing Application Seed Testing Application Overview The Seed Multiplication Unit in the Ministry of Agricultural Development and Food Security is mandated to certify seed lots under the Laws of Botswana and certification is limited to seed of officially recognized varieties, so grown and inspected, to protect varietal identity. Who is eligible? Seed producers. Seed companies. Private institutions. Researchers. Individual farmers. How do I get this service? Fill and Submit the Seed testing submission form along with the seed sample to the seed testing laboratory for testing. The evaluation report will be given. What supporting documents are required? No supporting documents. How long will this service take? Fourteen to Twenty-one (14 to 21) working days depending on the influx of samples and the functional status of laboratory equipment. How much does it cost? No cost. Where can I obtain this service? Department of Agricultural Research. Ministry of Agricultural Development and Food Security. Opening hours: 07:30 to 12:45 and 13:45 to 16:30, Monday to Friday except, public holidays Where can I get more information on this Service Head of Seed Multiplication Unit. Department of Agricultural Research. Ministry of Agricultural Development and Food Security. Private Bag 0033 Gaborone Botswana. Tel. (+267) 3668100 ext.: 8192 Fax. (+267) 3928965 Website: www.moa.gov.bw Call Centre: 17755 Email. moa17755 [at] gov.bw Related Forms Seed testing submission form (496.65 KB) Give Us Feedback Your name Your email address Subject Message Link Footer Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Give Us Feedback enquiries [at] gov.bw () Copyright © 2022. All right reserved. Government of Botswana.