Service of Process/Execution  | Government of Botswana Skip to main content GOV.BW Search Main navigation Home Services Agriculture Benefits and Payments Culture, Sports and Tourism Education and Learning Health and Wellness Immigration and Civil Registration Labour and Employment Land, Construction and Housing Law, Crime and Justice Living in Botswana Licensing & Permits Natural Resources and Environment Social Services Trade and Industry Transport and Communications Service Links Administration of Justice Animal Traceability and Identification Independent Electoral commission Laws of Botswana Ministry of Finance and Economic Development Parliament of Botswana Tourism Services Trade and Industry Vehicle License Renewal e-visa e-Services About Government Contact Us Ministries and Agencies Parastatals Publications Local Authorities Land Boards About Botswana About our Country Public Holidays School Terms News & Events Events News Press Releases Contact Us COVID-19 Breadcrumb Home » Service of Process/Execution Service of Process/Execution Overview This is the service of Court documents (Court Orders, Judgments/Ruling) on the parties to a dispute. Who is eligible? Any party to a dispute or any person acting on behalf a party to a dispute can access this service. How do I get this service? This service is executed by the Court Bailiffs after the Court has issued an order/Judgement/Ruling to be served on the parties. The Service can be done personally on the litigants or the Court Bailiff can post it as a registered mail to the recipient. What supporting documents are required? You need no document to access this service. If collecting the order/judgment in person you just need to provide the case number of the case and asked to sign a documents to indicate who collected the order/judgment on behalf of who Applicant/Respondent to a case. How long will this service take? The service can be done immediately if its personal service alternatively it can take up to 2 weeks if the service is done through mail. How much does it cost? This service is for free. Where can I get more information on this Service For more information refer to the Rules of Court or contact the Registrar of the Industrial Court. The Registrar Industrial Court of Botswana Private Bag BR 267 Gaborone, Botswana Phone: (+267) 3900565 Fax: (+267) 3900567 Facebook: Industrial Court of Botswana Opening hours: 07:30 to 12:45 and 13:45 to 16:30 Monday to Friday, except public holidays. Related Forms Notice of Representation_6 (192.31 KB) Writ of Execution (192.3 KB) Writ of ExecutionContempt of Court_0 (196.01 KB) Give Us Feedback Your name Your email address Subject Message Link Footer Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Give Us Feedback enquiries [at] gov.bw () Copyright © 2022. All right reserved. Government of Botswana.