Settlement of Civil Disputes  | Government of Botswana Skip to main content GOV.BW Search Main navigation Home Services Agriculture Benefits and Payments Culture, Sports and Tourism Education and Learning Health and Wellness Immigration and Civil Registration Labour and Employment Land, Construction and Housing Law, Crime and Justice Living in Botswana Licensing & Permits Natural Resources and Environment Social Services Trade and Industry Transport and Communications Service Links Administration of Justice Animal Traceability and Identification Independent Electoral commission Laws of Botswana Ministry of Finance and Economic Development Parliament of Botswana Tourism Services Trade and Industry Vehicle License Renewal e-visa e-Services About Government Contact Us Ministries and Agencies Parastatals Publications Local Authorities Land Boards About Botswana About our Country Public Holidays School Terms News & Events Events News Press Releases Contact Us COVID-19 Breadcrumb Home » Law, Crime and Justice » legal » Settlement of Civil Disputes Settlement of Civil Disputes Overview While the courts are available to settle disputes, smaller disputes are better suited to be settled at the Kgotla (community level). Examples of these types of disputes include destruction of crops by livestock and failure to pay back a debt. Another example is disputes where both parties do not wish to go to trial to reconcile and wish to maintain peace within the community. Who is eligible? Any parties interested in having disputes addressed by alternative dispute resolution can access this service. How do I get this service? The steps involved in this process are as follows: Parties must visit the main Kgotla or ward Kgotla to verbally report dispute to the Headman of Arbitration and to seek redress. Please refer to this List of Tribal Courts (Kgotlas). The Headman would invite the involved parties to attend the hearing at an agreed date. The parties would provide the requested information, discussing the issues with the help of the Headman. With the help of the Headman, all parties involved would arrive at an agreement to which they must all adhere. What supporting documents are required? No supporting documents are necessary. How long will this service take? This varies dependent on the availability of the involved parties and Headman of Arbitration, along with the complexity of the matter. Where can I get more information on this Service For more information or to access this service, please contact the ward Kgotla or main Kgotla in your area. Please refer to this List of Tribal Courts (Kgotlas). Opening hours are from 07:30 to 16:30, Monday to Friday, except public holidays. Give Us Feedback Your name Your email address Subject Message Link Footer Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Give Us Feedback enquiries [at] gov.bw () Copyright © 2022. All right reserved. Government of Botswana.