Snake Capture Services  | Government of Botswana Skip to main content GOV.BW Search Main navigation Home Services Agriculture Benefits and Payments Culture, Sports and Tourism Education and Learning Health and Wellness Immigration and Civil Registration Labour and Employment Land, Construction and Housing Law, Crime and Justice Living in Botswana Licensing & Permits Natural Resources and Environment Social Services Trade and Industry Transport and Communications Service Links Administration of Justice Animal Traceability and Identification Independent Electoral commission Laws of Botswana Ministry of Finance and Economic Development Parliament of Botswana Tourism Services Trade and Industry Vehicle License Renewal e-visa e-Services About Government Contact Us Ministries and Agencies Parastatals Publications Local Authorities Land Boards About Botswana About our Country Public Holidays School Terms News & Events Events News Press Releases Contact Us COVID-19 Breadcrumb Home » Law, Crime and Justice » Public Safety » Snake Capture Services Snake Capture Services Overview Botswana Defence Force (BDF) provides snake capture services, in Gaborone and its periphery. With the escalating reports of snakes found in homesteads the BDF has since engaged in assisting members of the community in capturing such dangerous reptiles. Caution: Do not attempt to capture the snakes by yourself If you are not in danger do not attempt to kill the snake If there is a snake bite: Do not panic but remain calm Do not cut the wound or attempt to remove the venom Immobilise the bitten part and stay as quiet as possible to keep the poison from spreading through your body Remove jewelry before you start to swell Apply a splint to reduce blood movement of the affected area but keep it loose enough so as not to restrict blood flow Don't drink caffeine and alcohol Cleanse the wound but don't flush it with water, cover it with a clean dry cloth Position yourself if possible so that the bite is at or below the level of your heart Don't try to capture the snake but try to remember its type,colour and shape so that you can describe it, which will help in your treatment. Call 998 or seek immediate medical attention This service is provided 24 hours 7 days a week. Who is eligible? Members of the public in and around Gaborone How do I get this service? Please call Snake Handlers What supporting documents are required? None How long will this service take? Service is treated as an emergency How much does it cost? P100.00 Where can I obtain this service? Sir Seretse Khama Barracks, Mogoditshane Snake Handlers: Landline 3662060 Mobile: 75669120 Duty Field Officer Landline: 3662208 Where can I get more information on this Service The Directorate of Protocol and Public Affairs Botswana Defence Force Private Bag X06 Gaborone Botswana Tel. (+267) 3662802/3662157/3662089 Email: info.bdf [at] gov.bw Give Us Feedback Your name Your email address Subject Message Link Footer Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Give Us Feedback enquiries [at] gov.bw () Copyright © 2022. All right reserved. Government of Botswana.