Societies Registration | Government of Botswana Skip to main content GOV.BW Search Main navigation Home Services Agriculture Benefits and Payments Culture, Sports and Tourism Education and Learning Health and Wellness Immigration and Civil Registration Labour and Employment Land, Construction and Housing Law, Crime and Justice Living in Botswana Licensing & Permits Natural Resources and Environment Social Services Trade and Industry Transport and Communications Service Links Administration of Justice Animal Traceability and Identification Independent Electoral commission Laws of Botswana Ministry of Finance and Economic Development Parliament of Botswana Tourism Services Trade and Industry Vehicle License Renewal e-visa e-Services About Government Contact Us Ministries and Agencies Parastatals Publications Local Authorities Land Boards About Botswana About our Country Public Holidays School Terms News & Events Events News Press Releases Contact Us COVID-19 Breadcrumb Home » Labour and Employment » Labour Administration » Societies Registration Societies Registration Overview This service registers non-profit making societies and non–governmental organisations. These include: Religious Organisations Professional Associations Burial Societies Recreational and Sporting Clubs Political Parties Charitable Organisations Others Who is eligible? All citizens, residents, or visitors who form a society with at least twenty members are eligible for this service. How do I get this service? In order to access this service, applicants must complete the following steps: Submit a letter of intent and relevant documents (listed below) to the local Civil and National Registration offices (contact information listed below) Upon receipt of the letter of intent, the Registrar will send the following to the applicant(s) for completion: Form A to be completed in triplicate Membership list Guidelines for forming the Society’s constitution (3 copies to be submitted) Complete and submit the above three items to the local Civil and National Registration offices After successful screening of the submitted documents, the Registrar will issue a certificate, Form A and the constitution as approved by the society What supporting documents are required? Letter of intent to form a society Minutes of the formation of the society with three or more objectives List of signatures and national identity numbers of attendees at the formation of society meeting Ten suggested names for the society in order of preference. The names should be reflective of the nature of the society whether it is an association, club, church or society In case of non-citizens serving on the executive committee, provide the following: Certified copies of resident permit Certified work permit Certified copy of page 1 and 2 of passport, showing their picture and personal details should also be submitted How long will this service take? Fourteen (14) days to complete. How much does it cost? The service costs BWP 500.00 for associations and churches, and BWP250.00 for all other societies. These costs are non-refundable. Where can I obtain this service? All Civil and National Registration Offices accross the country Department of Civil and National Registration Head Office, Block 8, Government Enclave, Khama Crescent, Private Bag 00240, Gaborone, Botswana Tel. (+267)361 1400 Fax. (+267) 395 9998 Toll Free Number. 0800 600 777 Opening hours: 7:30 to 12:45, and 13:45 to 16:30, Monday to Friday, except public holidays. Give Us Feedback Your name Your email address Subject Message Link Footer Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Give Us Feedback enquiries [at] gov.bw () Copyright © 2022. All right reserved. Government of Botswana.