Solemnization of Marriage | Government of Botswana Skip to main content GOV.BW Search Main navigation Home Services Agriculture Benefits and Payments Culture, Sports and Tourism Education and Learning Health and Wellness Immigration and Civil Registration Labour and Employment Land, Construction and Housing Law, Crime and Justice Living in Botswana Licensing & Permits Natural Resources and Environment Social Services Trade and Industry Transport and Communications Service Links Administration of Justice Animal Traceability and Identification Independent Electoral commission Laws of Botswana Ministry of Finance and Economic Development Parliament of Botswana Tourism Services Trade and Industry Vehicle License Renewal e-visa e-Services About Government Contact Us Ministries and Agencies Parastatals Publications Local Authorities Land Boards About Botswana About our Country Public Holidays School Terms News & Events Events News Press Releases Contact Us COVID-19 Breadcrumb Home » Law, Crime and Justice » legal » Solemnization of Marriage Solemnization of Marriage Overview The service is given to a couple who wishes to be joined in matrimony. The marriage is solemnized by the District Commissioner in accordance with the law. Who is eligible? One must Be twenty one (21) years old or above Widow / widower Sane (Mentally fit ) persons Divorced persons How do I get this service? The couple should present themselves in person at the time of registration and at the time of solemnization. Any witness above twenty one (21) years for each party. What supporting documents are required? A certified copy of a valid National Identity card (Omang). How long will this service take? Filling of Solemnization forms twenty one (21) days before the marriage is solemnized. How much does it cost? P 40.00 for banns, P 90.00 for special. Where can I obtain this service? District Commisioners Offices throughout Botswana. Where can I get more information on this Service National and Civil Registration Offices throughout Botswana. Give Us Feedback Your name Your email address Subject Message Link Footer Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Give Us Feedback enquiries [at] gov.bw () Copyright © 2022. All right reserved. Government of Botswana.