Subscription of the Botswana National Gazette | Government of Botswana Skip to main content GOV.BW Search Main navigation Home Services Agriculture Benefits and Payments Culture, Sports and Tourism Education and Learning Health and Wellness Immigration and Civil Registration Labour and Employment Land, Construction and Housing Law, Crime and Justice Living in Botswana Licensing & Permits Natural Resources and Environment Social Services Trade and Industry Transport and Communications Service Links Administration of Justice Animal Traceability and Identification Independent Electoral commission Laws of Botswana Ministry of Finance and Economic Development Parliament of Botswana Tourism Services Trade and Industry Vehicle License Renewal e-visa e-Services About Government Contact Us Ministries and Agencies Parastatals Publications Local Authorities Land Boards About Botswana About our Country Public Holidays School Terms News & Events Events News Press Releases Contact Us COVID-19 Breadcrumb Home » Subscription of the Botswana National Gazette Subscription of the Botswana National Gazette Overview The Botswana National Gazette, has all information that is relevant to business and ordinary Batswana. Information that can be found include the following; Change of Name Acting Appointments Sale of Government goods Gazetted Public Holidays Who is eligible? Citizens and Non Citizens. How do I get this service? Fill in a form and pay. What supporting documents are required? Omang/Identity document. How much does it cost? 6 months subscription P300 12 months subscription P600 Where can I obtain this service? Gaborone Bookshop is situated at Finance House, Government Enclave, Plot No. 8843, Khama Crescent Francistown Bookshop is located at Ntshe House, First Floor Serowe Bookshop is situated at Information Services offices Maun Bookshop is situated at Information Services offices Where can I get more information on this Service Gaborone Bookshop Telephone number 3914441/3953202 Francistown,Ntshe House Telephone number 2417602 Related Forms Botswana Gazette subscription Form.pdf (211.35 KB) Related Documents Gazette Subscription.pdf (41.62 KB) Give Us Feedback Your name Your email address Subject Message Link Footer Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Give Us Feedback enquiries [at] gov.bw () Copyright © 2022. All right reserved. Government of Botswana.