Tax/Customs Duty Exemptions | Government of Botswana Skip to main content GOV.BW Search Main navigation Home Services Agriculture Benefits and Payments Culture, Sports and Tourism Education and Learning Health and Wellness Immigration and Civil Registration Labour and Employment Land, Construction and Housing Law, Crime and Justice Living in Botswana Licensing & Permits Natural Resources and Environment Social Services Trade and Industry Transport and Communications Service Links Administration of Justice Animal Traceability and Identification Independent Electoral commission Laws of Botswana Ministry of Finance and Economic Development Parliament of Botswana Tourism Services Trade and Industry Vehicle License Renewal e-visa e-Services About Government Contact Us Ministries and Agencies Parastatals Publications Local Authorities Land Boards About Botswana About our Country Public Holidays School Terms News & Events Events News Press Releases Contact Us COVID-19 Breadcrumb Home » Living in Botswana » Tax » Tax/Customs Duty Exemptions Tax/Customs Duty Exemptions Overview Diplomatic Missions, International Organisations, Consular Offices, certain Technical Assistance Organisations and diplomatic agents are relieved from payment of VAT and Customs Duty. The rebate in respect of imported goods and services will apply to the extent provided under the Customs and Excise rebate item 406.00. For local purchases, VAT must be paid, and a refund may be granted in accordance with the requirements of the Value Added Tax Act. The legal authority for a refund of tax to persons enjoying diplomatic immunity are found in Section 43 of the Value Added Tax Act as amended with the Diplomatic Immunities and Privileges Act (Cap: 39.01) and Section 14 and Item 406.00 as specified in the Third Schedule of the Value Added Tax Act Section 43(4). Members of the Diplomatic Corps are required to process their purchases for dutiable items through the Ministry of International Affairs and Cooperation for them to be afforded tax exemption or to benefit from rebates on certain items. Who is eligible? All members of the Diplomatic Corps are by nature of their duties entitled to tax exemption. How do I get this service? The Ministry (Department of Protocol and Consular Services) shall receive claims for VAT refunds from Diplomatic Missions on a quarterly basis that is, on or before the 15th day of January, July, October and April months in a year. All VAT claims must be made through a Note Verbale accompanied by a tax invoice and proof of payment, and accompanied by the following filled-in forms: BURS VAT 008_Refund Claim Form BURS VAT 008_Refund Continuation Sheet BURS VAT 007_Refund of VAT Form What supporting documents are required? Note Verbale from the ministry Tax invoice and proof of payment How long will this service take? 7 working days. How much does it cost? No charges. Where can I get more information on this Service Department of Protocol and Consular Services Ministry of International Affairs and Cooperation Private Bag 00368 Gaborone Botswana Government Enclave Tel. (+267) 3600700 / (+267) 3600744 Fax. (+267) 3973067 / (+267) 3974516 Email. miacprotocol [at] gov.bw Botswana Unified Revenue Services (BURS website) Related Forms Refund Of Value Added Tax: Diplomats, Diplomatic & Consular Missions & Certain Technical Assistance Agreements Form (79.46 KB) Summary Of Vat Refund Claim: Diplomats, Diplomatic Or Consular Missions Certain Technical Assistance Organisations Form (72.66 KB) Refund Continuation Sheet Form (30.33 KB) Related Documents Vienna Convention on Consular Relations 1963 Form (469.16 KB) Vienna Convention on Diplomatic Relations 1961 Form (271.43 KB) Botswana Unified Revenue Service Internal Revenue Vat Procedures Governing Diplomatic Missions, Consular Missions And Privileged (45.57 KB) Diplomatic Immunities and Privileges Form (5.7 KB) Give Us Feedback Your name Your email address Subject Message Link Footer Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Give Us Feedback enquiries [at] gov.bw () Copyright © 2022. All right reserved. Government of Botswana.