Tertiary Education Funding (Rural Area Development Programme)  | Government of Botswana Skip to main content GOV.BW Search Main navigation Home Services Agriculture Benefits and Payments Culture, Sports and Tourism Education and Learning Health and Wellness Immigration and Civil Registration Labour and Employment Land, Construction and Housing Law, Crime and Justice Living in Botswana Licensing & Permits Natural Resources and Environment Social Services Trade and Industry Transport and Communications Service Links Administration of Justice Animal Traceability and Identification Independent Electoral commission Laws of Botswana Ministry of Finance and Economic Development Parliament of Botswana Tourism Services Trade and Industry Vehicle License Renewal e-visa e-Services About Government Contact Us Ministries and Agencies Parastatals Publications Local Authorities Land Boards About Botswana About our Country Public Holidays School Terms News & Events Events News Press Releases Contact Us COVID-19 Breadcrumb Home » Social Services » Rural Development » Tertiary Education Funding (Rural Area Development Programme) Tertiary Education Funding (Rural Area Development Programme) Overview The government is committed to ensuring that citizens in remote areas are able to access tertiary education and therefore pays funding directly to the various schools where the children from the remote areas attend. When applying for funding, applicants are asked to be mindful that different institutions have varying deadlines.The ministry of local Government in liaison ensures of Department of Tertiary Education and Funding (DTEF) gives special dispensation to Rural Development Area citizen beneficiaries Who is eligible? Citizens or residents, living in any of the 69 Settlements Qualified Under the Rural Area Development Programme. How do I get this service? 1. Visit the Social and Community Development Office (SCDO) in his/her area, with the supporting documents, and express the education needs. The officers would then provide the applicant with information on varying tertiary education institutions, including application forms. 2. Complete the application form for the preferred institution. The officers would then prepare a covering letter to the institution and the DTEF, dispatch them and advise on the outcome of the application. What supporting documents are required? Most recent secondary education results slip or certificate. A valid National Identity Card (Omang). How long will this service take? Three (3) weeks How much does it cost? No cost Where can I get more information on this Service Contact any of the Botswana Urban and District Council Offices, Opening hours: - 07:30 to 16:30, Monday to Friday, except public holidays. Related Documents Sixty Nine Settlements Qualified for the Rural Area Development Programme (353.39 KB) Give Us Feedback Your name Your email address Subject Message Link Footer Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Give Us Feedback enquiries [at] gov.bw () Copyright © 2022. All right reserved. Government of Botswana.