Trade Dispute - Mediation | Government of Botswana Skip to main content GOV.BW Search Main navigation Home Services Agriculture Benefits and Payments Culture, Sports and Tourism Education and Learning Health and Wellness Immigration and Civil Registration Labour and Employment Land, Construction and Housing Law, Crime and Justice Living in Botswana Licensing & Permits Natural Resources and Environment Social Services Trade and Industry Transport and Communications Service Links Administration of Justice Animal Traceability and Identification Independent Electoral commission Laws of Botswana Ministry of Finance and Economic Development Parliament of Botswana Tourism Services Trade and Industry Vehicle License Renewal e-visa e-Services About Government Contact Us Ministries and Agencies Parastatals Publications Local Authorities Land Boards About Botswana About our Country Public Holidays School Terms News & Events Events News Press Releases Contact Us COVID-19 Breadcrumb Home » Labour and Employment » Labour Administration » Trade Dispute - Mediation Trade Dispute - Mediation Overview This intervention occurs when there is a dispute or disagreement on labour related matters between an employer and an employee or employees or employees’ representatives. Referrals are to be made within thirty (30) days of the occurrence of the Trade Dispute. Who is eligible? An aggrieved employee or employer How do I get this service? Registration and scheduling of alleged dispute. Attend mediation meeting. If applicant fails to appear for hearing, the dispute is dismissed or if good cause shown then the dismissal is reversed and matter is mediated. If respondent fails to appear for mediation then the default award is issued. If no response to default award within 30 days, default award is referred to Commissioner of Labour and Social Security for enforcement. If responded to and good cause shown, default award is reversed and mediation resumes. 1. If referral outside 30 days Application for condonation of late referral. If condonation is denied dispute referred to Industrial Court. If condonation is granted mediation resumes. 2. If parties agree settlement certificate is issued If settlement certificate is honoured matter is closed. If settlement is not honoured, dispute is referred to Commissioner of Labour for enforcement. 3. Failure to settle Issuance of advisory award. Issuance of certificate of failure to settle. Referral to Industrial Court if it is dispute of right. Referral to arbitration if dispute of interest and parties agree. 4. Referral to industrial action if dispute of interest and not essential service Receipt of notification to strike or lock out. Convene meeting to draw strike/lockout rules. Undertake industrial action What supporting documents are required? What supporting documents are required? Justification for referral Proof of service How long will this service take? Thirty (30) working days How much does it cost? No cost Where can I get more information on this Service District Contact Numbers Department of Labour and Social Security Head office, Gaborone Tel. (+267) 37372772 Gaborone Regional Labour Office I Tel. (+267) 3971406 Gaborone Regional Labour Office II Tel. (+267) 3956019 Francistown Regional Labour Office Tel. (+267) 2416933 Lobatse Regional Labour Office Tel. (+267) 5332569 Maun Regional Labour Office Tel. (+267) 68622705/2418 Selibe Phikwe Regional Labour Office Tel. (+267) 2611598 Serowe Regional Labour Office Tel. (+267) 4632579 Kasane Regional Labour Office Tel. (+267) 6250216 Opening hours: 7:30 am to 12:45 and 13:45 to 16:30, Monday to Friday, except public holidays. Give Us Feedback Your name Your email address Subject Message Link Footer Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Give Us Feedback enquiries [at] gov.bw () Copyright © 2022. All right reserved. Government of Botswana.