Transportation of Radiation Sources - Permit | Government of Botswana Skip to main content GOV.BW Search Main navigation Home Services Agriculture Benefits and Payments Culture, Sports and Tourism Education and Learning Health and Wellness Immigration and Civil Registration Labour and Employment Land, Construction and Housing Law, Crime and Justice Living in Botswana Licensing & Permits Natural Resources and Environment Social Services Trade and Industry Transport and Communications Service Links Administration of Justice Animal Traceability and Identification Independent Electoral commission Laws of Botswana Ministry of Finance and Economic Development Parliament of Botswana Tourism Services Trade and Industry Vehicle License Renewal e-visa e-Services About Government Contact Us Ministries and Agencies Parastatals Publications Local Authorities Land Boards About Botswana About our Country Public Holidays School Terms News & Events Events News Press Releases Contact Us COVID-19 Breadcrumb Home » Licensing and Permits » Radiation » Transportation of Radiation Sources - Permit Transportation of Radiation Sources - Permit Overview The Radiation Protection Regulations, 2008 require that any person that transports radioactive materials should acquire a permit to transport the radioactive materials. This is to insure that the movement of radioactive and nuclear materials is monitored and that these materials are transported in a safe and secure manner. Who is eligible? Only organisations that possess a License for possession, use and sale of Radiation Sources may apply for a Permit to Transport Radiation Sources. How do I get this service? Download and complete the relevant sections of the Application for License/Permit to Import/Export/Transport/Possess and Use Radioactive Sources/Generators/Equipment (Form 02). Submit the application, applicable fee and the supporting documentation listed below to the office of the Radiation Protection Inspectorate at the address listed under “Where can I find more Information?” The application and supporting documentation will be assessed at that time. If the application is successful a Permit to Transport Radioactive Sources will be issued at the office of RPI within 24 hours. What supporting documents are required? Valid road-worthiness certificate for the vehicle to be used for transportation of the radiation sources; and Document describing safety measures put in place during transport of radioactive sources How long will this service take? After complete documentation has been submitted to the RPI representative, the assessment process can be completed in approximately 30 minutes. How much does it cost? Notification fee of P50. The fees, payable by cash, cheque, or adjustment voucher paid to the Radiation Protection Inspectorate are stipulated in the Radiation Protection Regulations, 2008. The schedule of fees is reviewed annually. Where can I obtain this service? Plot 132, Unit B, Gaborone International Finance Park Where can I get more information on this Service Director Radiation Protection Inspectorate Private Bag BO 1 Bontleng Gaborone, Botswana Plot 132, Unit B, Gaborone International Finance Park Tel: (267) 318 8388 Fax: (267) 395 7025 e-mail: rpibots [at] gov.bw Opening hours: 07:30 to 12:45 and 13:45 to 16:30 Monday to Friday, except public holidays Related Forms Application for License/Permit to Import/Export/Transport/Possess and Use Radioactive Sources/Generators/Equipment (Form 02) (345.89 KB) Related Services Import and Export of Radiation Sources Permit License to Possess, Sell and Use Radioactive Sources Give Us Feedback Your name Your email address Subject Message Link Footer Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Give Us Feedback enquiries [at] gov.bw () Copyright © 2022. All right reserved. Government of Botswana.