Trial of Civil and Criminal Cases at the Tribal Court (Kgotla) | Government of Botswana Skip to main content GOV.BW Search Main navigation Home Services Agriculture Benefits and Payments Culture, Sports and Tourism Education and Learning Health and Wellness Immigration and Civil Registration Labour and Employment Land, Construction and Housing Law, Crime and Justice Living in Botswana Licensing & Permits Natural Resources and Environment Social Services Trade and Industry Transport and Communications Service Links Administration of Justice Animal Traceability and Identification Independent Electoral commission Laws of Botswana Ministry of Finance and Economic Development Parliament of Botswana Tourism Services Trade and Industry Vehicle License Renewal e-visa e-Services About Government Contact Us Ministries and Agencies Parastatals Publications Local Authorities Land Boards About Botswana About our Country Public Holidays School Terms News & Events Events News Press Releases Contact Us COVID-19 Breadcrumb Home » Law, Crime and Justice » tribal or customary courts » Trial of Civil and Criminal Cases at the Tribal Court (Kgotla) Trial of Civil and Criminal Cases at the Tribal Court (Kgotla) Overview All civil and criminal cases that fall within the tribal court’s warrant jurisdiction may be tried at the customary court or Kgotla, as may be agreed to by the accused or defendant. A list of offences that the tribal court (kgotla) addresses can be accessed at any Kgotla office. Who is eligible? Any person or business legally present and operating in Botswana is eligible for this service. How do I get this service? The steps involved in this process are as follows: Civil matters must be reported to the Kgotla directly. The complaints will be registered and a date will be set for the hearing of their cases where both the plaintiff and the defendant should be present before the Kgosi for the matter to be solved. Criminal matters must be reported directly to the Botswana Police. Where they would then determine whether the case should be tried at the customary court or magistrate court and advised accordingly. What supporting documents are required? A valid National Identity Card (Omang or passport). Residence Permit (expatriates). Business registration documents (businesses). Tax clearance certificate (if payment must be received). How long will this service take? This varies dependent upon the case being tried. How much does it cost? This service is free of charge. Where can I get more information on this Service Any ward Kgotla or main Kgotla in the nearest area. Give Us Feedback Your name Your email address Subject Message Link Footer Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Give Us Feedback enquiries [at] gov.bw () Copyright © 2022. All right reserved. Government of Botswana.