The Unemployed Graduate Database | Government of Botswana Skip to main content GOV.BW Search Main navigation Home Services Agriculture Benefits and Payments Culture, Sports and Tourism Education and Learning Health and Wellness Immigration and Civil Registration Labour and Employment Land, Construction and Housing Law, Crime and Justice Living in Botswana Licensing & Permits Natural Resources and Environment Social Services Trade and Industry Transport and Communications Service Links Administration of Justice Animal Traceability and Identification Independent Electoral commission Laws of Botswana Ministry of Finance and Economic Development Parliament of Botswana Tourism Services Trade and Industry Vehicle License Renewal e-visa e-Services About Government Contact Us Ministries and Agencies Parastatals Publications Local Authorities Land Boards About Botswana About our Country Public Holidays School Terms News & Events Events News Press Releases Contact Us COVID-19 Breadcrumb Home » Labour and Employment » Employment & Apprentice » The Unemployed Graduate Database The Unemployed Graduate Database Overview The Unemployed Graduate Database (UGD) administered by the Directorate of Public Service Management provides a platform for unemployed graduates without work experience to secure pensionable employment in the economy. Potential employers absorb graduates from the UGD for their existing vacancies. Who is eligible? Diploma and Bachelor’s Degree holders. Citizens only. How do I get this service? Diploma and Bachelor’s Degree holders can register online through the Directorate of Public Service Management website Visit www.dpsm.gov.bw Click graduate registration, then new profile Click enter your personal information and fill in the personal details Click enter your educational information and fill in the educational details Enter security code and click submit You will receive an acknowledgement email that your registration is complete. What supporting documents are required? None. How long will this service take? Registration is completed immediately. Placement is determined by the availability of matching vacancies. How much does it cost? No Cost. Where can I obtain this service? This service may be obtained from the Unemployed Graduate Database Office at the Directorate of Public Service Management (www.dpsm.gov.bw). Or call: 3622682 3622882 3622701 3622751 3622735 3622841 3622787 Email: dpsm_pro [at] gov.bw Hours of Operation: 07:30 – 16:30, Monday to Friday, except on Public Holidays. (Thursdays and Fridays are reserved for walk in inquiries). Where can I get more information on this Service Directorate of Public Service Management Attorney General’s Chambers Government Enclave Gaborone Botswana Tel. (+267) 3622600 Fax. (+267) 3971803 Email: dpsm_pro [at] gov.bw Hours of Operation: 07:30 – 16:30, Monday to Friday, except on Public Holidays. Give Us Feedback Your name Your email address Subject Message Link Footer Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Give Us Feedback enquiries [at] gov.bw () Copyright © 2022. All right reserved. Government of Botswana.