Urgent Applications  | Government of Botswana Skip to main content GOV.BW Search Main navigation Home Services Agriculture Benefits and Payments Culture, Sports and Tourism Education and Learning Health and Wellness Immigration and Civil Registration Labour and Employment Land, Construction and Housing Law, Crime and Justice Living in Botswana Licensing & Permits Natural Resources and Environment Social Services Trade and Industry Transport and Communications Service Links Administration of Justice Animal Traceability and Identification Independent Electoral commission Laws of Botswana Ministry of Finance and Economic Development Parliament of Botswana Tourism Services Trade and Industry Vehicle License Renewal e-visa e-Services About Government Contact Us Ministries and Agencies Parastatals Publications Local Authorities Land Boards About Botswana About our Country Public Holidays School Terms News & Events Events News Press Releases Contact Us COVID-19 Breadcrumb Home » Urgent Applications Urgent Applications Overview It is an application whereby the normal rules of court relating to services and setting time are dispensed with, due to the degree of urgency of the matter brought before court. Who is eligible? Any party to a case who feels that their case is urgent and they cannot get any redress in future should the case follow the normal method of enrollment. How do I get this service? In order to file an urgent application, follow the steps below: Complete notice of motion form at the Court Registry. Affidavit (stating the grounds on which render the matter urgent and the reasons why the one claims that he/she could not be afforded substantial redress in due course)-The affidavit must detail the facts upon which the applicant relies upon for relief. File and serve the application on the Respondent(s). File proof of service the matter is forwarded to the Judge for assessment on the papers filed as to the urgency and communicate the way forward to the Registrar(s). If indeed the Judge determines on the papers filed that the case is urgent, and then a date will be set immediately and notices of set down dispatched to the parties. The court will then hear the appeal on the date set and make its determination. What supporting documents are required? Notice of Motion Founding Affidavit Draft Order How long will this service take? Once the application has been delivered to the Judge for enrollment, the process is expected to be completed within approximately three months. How much does it cost? This service is for free. Where can I get more information on this Service For more information, please refer to the Industrial Court Rules or contact the office listed below. The Registrar Industrial Court of Botswana Private Bag BR 267 Gaborone, Botswana Phone: (+267) 3900565 Fax: (+267) 3900567 Facebook: Industrial Court of Botswana Opening hours: 07:30 to 12:45 and 13:45 to 16:30 Monday to Friday, except weekends and public holidays. Additional information can also be obtained in the Industrial Court Rules Related Forms Notice of representation form (192.31 KB) Notice of motion (194.92 KB) Applicant's founding affidavit (226.67 KB) Certificate of urgency (211.42 KB) Draft order (184.01 KB) Notice of opposition (209.65 KB) Despondence anwering affidavit (217.96 KB) Applicant's replying affidavit (218.59 KB) Substituted Service (214.48 KB) Writ of execution , contempt of court (196.01 KB) Give Us Feedback Your name Your email address Subject Message Link Footer Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Give Us Feedback enquiries [at] gov.bw () Copyright © 2022. All right reserved. Government of Botswana.