Use of  National Emblems | Government of Botswana Skip to main content GOV.BW Search Main navigation Home Services Agriculture Benefits and Payments Culture, Sports and Tourism Education and Learning Health and Wellness Immigration and Civil Registration Labour and Employment Land, Construction and Housing Law, Crime and Justice Living in Botswana Licensing & Permits Natural Resources and Environment Social Services Trade and Industry Transport and Communications Service Links Administration of Justice Animal Traceability and Identification Independent Electoral commission Laws of Botswana Ministry of Finance and Economic Development Parliament of Botswana Tourism Services Trade and Industry Vehicle License Renewal e-visa e-Services About Government Contact Us Ministries and Agencies Parastatals Publications Local Authorities Land Boards About Botswana About our Country Public Holidays School Terms News & Events Events News Press Releases Contact Us COVID-19 Breadcrumb Home » Use of National Emblems Use of National Emblems Overview This service is mainly a formal request to use the Flag and the Coat of Arms of the Republic of Botswana by local companies, enterprises etc. Who is eligible? Companies, Organisations and other Independent Enterprises that are not part of Government of Botswana. How do I get this service? A formal Request is sent to the Permanent Secretary to the President. The letter should include the Company Registration, Directors and clear mandate of the company, organisation etc. What supporting documents are required? Letter from the applicant bearing Postal Address, phone number and reasons for request Certified Copy of valid national identity card from applicant Company profile, for businesses Copy of Company Registration/ Certificate of incorporation, samples and pictures indicating how the national symbol will be used. Copy of Shareholders and Director’s information. How long will this service take? A response is done in ten (10) days . How much does it cost? There is no cost. Where can I obtain this service? Office of the President. P/Bag 001 Gaborone Where can I get more information on this Service Office of The President Public Relations, OP. Give Us Feedback Your name Your email address Subject Message Link Footer Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Give Us Feedback enquiries [at] gov.bw () Copyright © 2022. All right reserved. Government of Botswana.