User Application for Botswana Animal Identification and Traceability System (BAITS)  | Government of Botswana Skip to main content GOV.BW Search Main navigation Home Services Agriculture Benefits and Payments Culture, Sports and Tourism Education and Learning Health and Wellness Immigration and Civil Registration Labour and Employment Land, Construction and Housing Law, Crime and Justice Living in Botswana Licensing & Permits Natural Resources and Environment Social Services Trade and Industry Transport and Communications Service Links Administration of Justice Animal Traceability and Identification Independent Electoral commission Laws of Botswana Ministry of Finance and Economic Development Parliament of Botswana Tourism Services Trade and Industry Vehicle License Renewal e-visa e-Services About Government Contact Us Ministries and Agencies Parastatals Publications Local Authorities Land Boards About Botswana About our Country Public Holidays School Terms News & Events Events News Press Releases Contact Us COVID-19 Breadcrumb Home » Agriculture » Animal Husbandry » User Application for Botswana Animal Identification and Traceability System (BAITS) User Application for Botswana Animal Identification and Traceability System (BAITS) Overview The BAITS system provides a platform for farmers to provide information on their livestock. This platform is offered online (via internet access). BAITS is used for animal registration, transfer of ownership, arrival of livestock, veterinary drug treatments and removal of dead/fallen stock. This also allows the farmer to report in the system animals they have lost. Animals mabe lost due to natural causes or slaughter. Who is eligible? Citizens and non-citizens. How do I get this service? Fill and Submit user access application form at any local Department of Veterinary Services office. A username and password specific for the individual will be issued at time of application. What supporting documents are required? Valid ID card. An affidavit (if custodian). How long will this service take? Thirty (30) minutes. How much does it cost? No cost. Where can I obtain this service? Visit the nearest veterinary offices across the country to obtain this service Opening hours: 07:30 to 12:45 and 13:45 to 16:30, Monday to Friday, except public holidays. Where can I get more information on this Service Contact the nearest Veterinary Offices BAITS Café/agent Or Call Centre:17755 Email. moa17755 [at] gov.bw Related Forms User Access Application Form 37 (480.04 KB) Related Documents (BAITS) Farmers Guidelines Scope (5.65 MB) BAITS Regulations (5.54 MB) District Veterinary Offices (145.32 KB) Give Us Feedback Your name Your email address Subject Message Link Footer Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Give Us Feedback enquiries [at] gov.bw () Copyright © 2022. All right reserved. Government of Botswana.