Using Tribal court (Kgotla) for consultation and decision - making  | Government of Botswana Skip to main content GOV.BW Search Main navigation Home Services Agriculture Benefits and Payments Culture, Sports and Tourism Education and Learning Health and Wellness Immigration and Civil Registration Labour and Employment Land, Construction and Housing Law, Crime and Justice Living in Botswana Licensing & Permits Natural Resources and Environment Social Services Trade and Industry Transport and Communications Service Links Administration of Justice Animal Traceability and Identification Independent Electoral commission Laws of Botswana Ministry of Finance and Economic Development Parliament of Botswana Tourism Services Trade and Industry Vehicle License Renewal e-visa e-Services About Government Contact Us Ministries and Agencies Parastatals Publications Local Authorities Land Boards About Botswana About our Country Public Holidays School Terms News & Events Events News Press Releases Contact Us COVID-19 Breadcrumb Home » Law, Crime and Justice » Public Safety » Using Tribal court (Kgotla) for consultation and decision - making Using Tribal court (Kgotla) for consultation and decision - making Overview Community members are entitled to meet at the tribal court (Kgotla) in their community to discuss, deliberate and make decisions on issues that affect the community, and also for information sharing. Who is eligible? Citizens How do I get this service? Request permission from the chief, in written or verbal form, giving specifics of the intended meeting (date, time, and other information) and wait for a response from the chief. Once permission is granted, the applicant(s) should inform attendees of the meeting and its details. What supporting documents are required? No supporting documents How long will this service take? Immediate How much does it cost? No cost Where can I get more information on this Service Contact the ward kgotla or main kgotla in your area. Please refer to this List of Tribal Courts (Dikgotla). Opening hours are from 07:30 to 16:30, Monday to Friday, except public holidays. Give Us Feedback Your name Your email address Subject Message Link Footer Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Give Us Feedback enquiries [at] gov.bw () Copyright © 2022. All right reserved. Government of Botswana.