Veldt Product Exporters Permit | Government of Botswana Skip to main content GOV.BW Search Main navigation Home Services Agriculture Benefits and Payments Culture, Sports and Tourism Education and Learning Health and Wellness Immigration and Civil Registration Labour and Employment Land, Construction and Housing Law, Crime and Justice Living in Botswana Licensing & Permits Natural Resources and Environment Social Services Trade and Industry Transport and Communications Service Links Administration of Justice Animal Traceability and Identification Independent Electoral commission Laws of Botswana Ministry of Finance and Economic Development Parliament of Botswana Tourism Services Trade and Industry Vehicle License Renewal e-visa e-Services About Government Contact Us Ministries and Agencies Parastatals Publications Local Authorities Land Boards About Botswana About our Country Public Holidays School Terms News & Events Events News Press Releases Contact Us COVID-19 Breadcrumb Home » Licensing and Permits » Animals and plants » Veldt Product Exporters Permit Veldt Product Exporters Permit Overview The Permit regulates and monitors sustainable utilisation of Veldt Products. A Veldt Product means non-domesticated, vegetative biological resources that may be used for construction, medical, food, cultural activities and firewood. The Permit is valid for 30 days from date of issuance. Who is eligible? Citizens of Botswana who are 18 years and above Residents with valid resident permits and passports who are 18 years and above Non-residents with valid passports who are 18 years and above How do I get this service? Download, complete and submit the Veldt Product Exporters Permit Form to the nearest Department of Forestry and Range Resources office. What supporting documents are required? Certified copy of National identity card (Omang) Valid residential permit and passport for residents Valid passports for non-residents How long will this service take? Three (3) working days. How much does it cost? Citizens: BWP 500.00 Residents: BWP 1000.00 Non-residents: BWP 2000.00 Where can I get more information on this Service Department of Forestry and Range Resources Private Bag 00424, Plot 1272, Loapi house, Old Lobatse Road 2nd floor, office 216 Gaborone Botswana Tel. +267 3985104 Fax. +267 3954051 Email: dfrr [at] gov.bw Related Forms Veld Product Permit Application Form (393.76 KB) Related Documents Agricultural Resources Subsidiary Legislation (velds product regulations) (28.75 KB) Give Us Feedback Your name Your email address Subject Message Link Footer Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Give Us Feedback enquiries [at] gov.bw () Copyright © 2022. All right reserved. Government of Botswana.