Visa Application – Visitor’s Visa | Government of Botswana Skip to main content GOV.BW Search Main navigation Home Services Agriculture Benefits and Payments Culture, Sports and Tourism Education and Learning Health and Wellness Immigration and Civil Registration Labour and Employment Land, Construction and Housing Law, Crime and Justice Living in Botswana Licensing & Permits Natural Resources and Environment Social Services Trade and Industry Transport and Communications Service Links Administration of Justice Animal Traceability and Identification Independent Electoral commission Laws of Botswana Ministry of Finance and Economic Development Parliament of Botswana Tourism Services Trade and Industry Vehicle License Renewal e-visa e-Services About Government Contact Us Ministries and Agencies Parastatals Publications Local Authorities Land Boards About Botswana About our Country Public Holidays School Terms News & Events Events News Press Releases Contact Us COVID-19 Breadcrumb Home » Immigration and Civil Registration » visa applications » Visa Application – Visitor’s Visa Visa Application – Visitor’s Visa Overview The visitor’s visa is issued to people visiting Botswana for social reasons such as: Visiting friends or relatives. Obtaining medical treatment. Participation in social events hosted by fraternal, social, or service organisations. Participation by amateurs in musical, sports, or similar events or contests, if not being paid for participating. Enrolment in a short recreational course of study, not for credit toward a degree (for example, a two-day cooking class while on vacation). For the visa to remain valid, the applicant must not work for, provide services or sell goods to businesses or the public in Botswana. The visa is valid up to 2 years for dependents of resident. Who is eligible? All foreigners who require visas to enter Botswana as visitors are eligible for this service. How do I get this service? Go to any immigration office (contact information listed below), Botswana embassy or consulate to fill and submit Form 1 (Application for Visa) in person. Submit the required documents (listed below) with the application form. Check the outcome of your application from the office where the application was submitted after seven working days. An approval/rejection letter is sent to the office where the application was made. If the Visa application is approved, it will be printed at that office where the application was made.If the visa is not yet printed, the applicant can travel with the approval letter as proof of a visa to Botswana, and the visa will printed at the Airport/Immigration Ports of Entry. What supporting documents are required? The following documents are required to be submitted with the application form: Certified copy of page 1 and 2 of passport showing validity period not less than six months. Two recent coloured passport size photos. Covering letter. Flight itinerary and accommodation bookings or residential address in Botswana. A re-entry permit to the country where the applicant is ordinarily resident if such a permit is required by that country. Sworn statement by the host signed at the immigration’s office. A certified copy of the host’s national identity, residence permit, work permit, exemption certificate, or naturalization certificate. Letter of Intent to depart Botswana after your trip. Financial proof of support. How long will this service take? It takes seven to fourteen days after the date of application for the service to be completed. How much does it cost? Single entry for a period up to 3 months BWP 300.00 (US$30) Multiple entry for period of up to 3 months BWP 500.00 (US$50) Multiple entry for up to over three months up to 2 years for dependents of residents BWP 1 500.00 (US$150) Where can I obtain this service? All Regional Immigration Offices, District Immigration Offices and Missions Abroad. Department of Immigration and Citizenship Ministry of Nationality, Immigration and Gender Affairs Tel. (+267) 361 1300 Toll Free: 0800 600 777 Opening hours: 7:30 to 12:45, and 13:45 to 16:30, Monday to Friday, except public holidays. Give Us Feedback Your name Your email address Subject Message Link Footer Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Give Us Feedback enquiries [at] gov.bw () Copyright © 2022. All right reserved. Government of Botswana.