Visa Application – Business Visa | Government of Botswana Skip to main content GOV.BW Search Main navigation Home Services Agriculture Benefits and Payments Culture, Sports and Tourism Education and Learning Health and Wellness Immigration and Civil Registration Labour and Employment Land, Construction and Housing Law, Crime and Justice Living in Botswana Licensing & Permits Natural Resources and Environment Social Services Trade and Industry Transport and Communications Service Links Administration of Justice Animal Traceability and Identification Independent Electoral commission Laws of Botswana Ministry of Finance and Economic Development Parliament of Botswana Tourism Services Trade and Industry Vehicle License Renewal e-visa e-Services About Government Contact Us Ministries and Agencies Parastatals Publications Local Authorities Land Boards About Botswana About our Country Public Holidays School Terms News & Events Events News Press Releases Contact Us COVID-19 Breadcrumb Home » Immigration and Civil Registration » visa applications » Visa Application – Business Visa Visa Application – Business Visa Overview The business visa is issued for prospective investors, entrepreneurs or traders to visit and explore business opportunities in Botswana. Business activities may include consulting with business associates; attending scientific, educational, professional, or business conventions or conferences; settling estates; and negotiating contracts. It shall be issued for up to one year and cannot be extended. Who is eligible? All prospective investors, entrepreneurs or traders to visit and explore business opportunities in Botswana who require visas to enter Botswana are eligible for this service. How do I get this service? Go to any immigration office (contact information listed below), Botswana embassy or consulate to fill and submit Form 1 (Application for Visa in person). Submit the required documents (listed below) with the application form. Check the outcome of your application from the office where the application was submitted after seven working days. An approval/rejection letter is sent to the office where the application was made. If the Visa application is approved, it will be printed at that office where the application was made or if not printed the applicant can travel with the approval letter as proof of a Visa to Botswana and the Visa will printed at the Airport/Immigration Ports of Entry. What supporting documents are required? The following documents are required to be submitted with the application form, where applicable: Certified copy of page 1 and 2 of passport showing validity period not less than six months. Two recent coloured passport size photos. Covering letter indicating the reasons for applying. Flight itinerary and accommodation bookings or residential address in Botswana. A re-entry permit to the country where the applicant is ordinarily resident if such a permit is required by that country. Certificate of incorporation in Botswana if applicable. Business plan. Trading license. Schedule of meetings or business activities. Business (in other countries) and personal bank statements. How long will this service take? It takes seven working days. How much does it cost? The cost associated with this service is as follows: Single entry- for a period up to 3 months BWP500.00(US $50) Multiple entry- for a period up to 3 months BWP 1, 000.00(US$100) Multiple entry – for a period of up to six months BWP 2,500.00(US$250) Where can I obtain this service? All Regional Immigration Offices, District Immigration Offices and Missions Abroad. Department of Immigration and Citizenship All Regional Immigration Offices, District Immigration Offices and Missions. Department of Immigration and Citizenship Ministry of Nationality, Immigration and Gender Affairs Tel. (+267) 361 1300 Toll Free: 0800 600 777 Opening hours: 7:30 to 12:45, and 13:45 to 16:30, Monday to Friday, except public holidays. Give Us Feedback Your name Your email address Subject Message Link Footer Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Give Us Feedback enquiries [at] gov.bw () Copyright © 2022. All right reserved. Government of Botswana.