Visa Application – Transit Visa | Government of Botswana Skip to main content GOV.BW Search Main navigation Home Services Agriculture Benefits and Payments Culture, Sports and Tourism Education and Learning Health and Wellness Immigration and Civil Registration Labour and Employment Land, Construction and Housing Law, Crime and Justice Living in Botswana Licensing & Permits Natural Resources and Environment Social Services Trade and Industry Transport and Communications Service Links Administration of Justice Animal Traceability and Identification Independent Electoral commission Laws of Botswana Ministry of Finance and Economic Development Parliament of Botswana Tourism Services Trade and Industry Vehicle License Renewal e-visa e-Services About Government Contact Us Ministries and Agencies Parastatals Publications Local Authorities Land Boards About Botswana About our Country Public Holidays School Terms News & Events Events News Press Releases Contact Us COVID-19 Breadcrumb Home » Immigration and Civil Registration » visa applications » Visa Application – Transit Visa Visa Application – Transit Visa Overview This visa is for those want to leave the airport for a maximum of seven days while in transit. A transit visa is not required if you fly out on the same aircraft and from the same airport at which you arrived. Transporters and tour operators may be allowed a maximum of 7 days stay in the country at any given time. This visa does not allow you to work or undertake formal studies or training in Botswana. It cannot be extended for any reason. Who is eligible? All foreigners who require visas to transit through Botswana are eligible for this service. How do I get this service? Go to any immigration office (contact information listed below), Botswana embassy or consulate to fill and submit Form 1 (Application for Visa) in person. Submit the required documents (listed below) with the application form. Check the outcome of your application from the office where the application was submitted after seven working days. An approval/rejection letter is sent to the office where the application was made. If the Visa application is approved, it will be printed at that office where the application was made or if not printed the applicant can travel with the approval letter as proof of a Visa to Botswana and the Visa will printed at the Airport/Immigration Ports of Entry. What supporting documents are required? The following documents are required to be submitted with the application form: Certified copy of page 1 and 2 of valid passport showing validity period not less than six months. Two recent coloured passport size photos. Covering letter. Flight itinerary and accommodation bookings or residential address in Botswana. A re-entry permit to the country where the applicant is ordinarily resident if such a permit is required by that country. Confirmed onward booking or a proof to continue your journey (ie. Visa to enter destination country) from Botswana within 3 days of arrival. This excludes transporters who may be given up to 14 days. Transporters and tour operators/guide to produce proof of cross-border tour operating licence. How long will this service take? It takes seven to fourteen days. How much does it cost? The costs associated with this service are as follows: Single entry up to one-week BWP300.00(US$30) for up to 1 week Multiple entry for a period up to 3 months BWP500.00 (US$50); three months, BWP1000.00 (US$100)for validity period beyond three months, up to three years. Multiple entry for a period of up to 3 years BWP1,500.00 (US$150) for Tour Operators and Transporters. Where can I obtain this service? All Regional Immigration Offices, District Immigration Offices and Missions Abroad. Ministry of Nationality, Immigration and Gender Affairs Tel. (+267) 361 1300 Toll Free. 0800 600 777 Opening hours: 7:30 to 12:45, and 13:45 to 16:30, Monday to Friday, except public holidays. Give Us Feedback Your name Your email address Subject Message Link Footer Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Give Us Feedback enquiries [at] gov.bw () Copyright © 2022. All right reserved. Government of Botswana.