Voter Registration | Government of Botswana Skip to main content GOV.BW Search Main navigation Home Services Agriculture Benefits and Payments Culture, Sports and Tourism Education and Learning Health and Wellness Immigration and Civil Registration Labour and Employment Land, Construction and Housing Law, Crime and Justice Living in Botswana Licensing & Permits Natural Resources and Environment Social Services Trade and Industry Transport and Communications Service Links Administration of Justice Animal Traceability and Identification Independent Electoral commission Laws of Botswana Ministry of Finance and Economic Development Parliament of Botswana Tourism Services Trade and Industry Vehicle License Renewal e-visa e-Services About Government Contact Us Ministries and Agencies Parastatals Publications Local Authorities Land Boards About Botswana About our Country Public Holidays School Terms News & Events Events News Press Releases Contact Us COVID-19 Breadcrumb Home » Living in Botswana » Voting » Voter Registration Voter Registration Overview All Botswana citizens aged 18 and over who wish to vote in National and Local Government elections must register themselves with the Independent Electoral Commission. The Independent Electoral Commission will from time to time announce a general registration period whereby eligible citizens can verify that they are included on the voter’s rolls and if they are not included, they can register to be added to the roll. At times other than general registration periods eligible citizens can register to be added to the voters list with the Principal Registration Officer. Upon registration, voters will be included in the voter’s roll for their constituency and issued a Voter’s Registration Card. Who is eligible? Resident and non-resident Citizens of Botswana, 18 years or older who hold a valid National Identity Card (Omang). How do I get this service? For Residents: During general registration periods announced by the Independent Electoral Commission, go to the polling station specified for your constituency to check the voters’ roll. During times other than the general registration period go to the Office of the Principal Registration Officer in your constituency to check the voter’s roll. In either case, if you are not on the existing voters’ roll, present yourself to a Registration Officer at that location with your valid National Identity Card (Omang) who will interview you and complete a registration form. If the Registration Officer is satisfied that you are eligible to vote you will be issued a Voter Registration Card. If the Registration Officer is not satisfied that you are entitled to vote you will be issued a Notice of Rejection (Form C). For Non-Residents: General registration periods will be conducted at the same time as general registration within Botswana. During general registration periods non-residents can go to the Botswana Embassy, consular mission or other location specified in the newspaper announcement to check the voters’ roll. Consulate generals serve as polling stations and conduct registration of non-residents Batswana. If you are not on the existing voters’ roll, present yourself to the designated individual with your valid National Identity Card (Omang). You will be interviewed you and complete a registration form. If the Registration Officer is satisfied that you are entitled to vote you will be issued a Voter Registration Card (Form B). If the Registration Officer is not satisfied that you are entitled to vote you will be issued a Notice of Rejection (Form C). What supporting documents are required? Valid National Identity Card (Omang). How long will this service take? Within five minutes of processing the registration. How much does it cost? There is no fee for this service. Where can I get more information on this Service Please contact the office listed below: The Secretary Independent Electoral Commission Private Bag 00284 Gaborone, Botswana Phone: (+267) 361 2400 Toll free No: 0800 600 710 Fax: (+267) 3900581/3905205/3190889 Website: www.iec.gov.bw , Facebook: IEC Botswana Email: iec_info [at] gov.bw Opening hours: 07:30 to 12:45 and 13:45 to 16:30 Monday to Friday, except weekends and public holidays. Additional information can also be obtained in the Electoral Act. Related Services Appeal Against Rejection of Voter Registration Voter Registration Transfer Give Us Feedback Your name Your email address Subject Message Link Footer Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Give Us Feedback enquiries [at] gov.bw () Copyright © 2022. All right reserved. Government of Botswana.