Voter Education | Government of Botswana Skip to main content GOV.BW Search Main navigation Home Services Agriculture Benefits and Payments Culture, Sports and Tourism Education and Learning Health and Wellness Immigration and Civil Registration Labour and Employment Land, Construction and Housing Law, Crime and Justice Living in Botswana Licensing & Permits Natural Resources and Environment Social Services Trade and Industry Transport and Communications Service Links Administration of Justice Animal Traceability and Identification Independent Electoral commission Laws of Botswana Ministry of Finance and Economic Development Parliament of Botswana Tourism Services Trade and Industry Vehicle License Renewal e-visa e-Services About Government Contact Us Ministries and Agencies Parastatals Publications Local Authorities Land Boards About Botswana About our Country Public Holidays School Terms News & Events Events News Press Releases Contact Us COVID-19 Breadcrumb Home » Living in Botswana » Voting » Voter Education Voter Education Overview Organisations and members of the public interested in learning about the electoral process and other civic matters, can obtain printed materials or request Independent Electoral Commission (IEC) staff attendance at various educational forums. Print publications available include pamphlets, posters and newsletters, while in-person forums may take the form of Kgotla meetings, institution and school visits, stakeholder workshops, and radio and television programmes. Who is eligible? All individuals and organisations. How do I get this service? Publications can be obtained from the IEC office (listed below) or To request in-person educational services, please contact the IEC Information Education Office at the number listed below. In addition to the above options, IEC officers visit government offices, Kgotla meetings and other public spaces to conduct public workshops on a regular basis to advance the cause of voter education. These are publicly announced ahead of time by IEC in the areas in which they occur. What supporting documents are required? No supporting documents are required to request this service. How long will this service take? Printed materials can be obtained immediately upon visiting an IEC office, while requests for in-person educational services may take up to a month to fulfil. How much does it cost? There is no fee for this service. Where can I get more information on this Service Please contact the office listed below: The Secretary Independent Electoral Commission Private Bag 00284 Gaborone, Botswana Phone: (+267) 361 2400 Toll free No: 0800 600 710 Fax: (+267) 3900581/3905205/3190889 Website: www.iec.gov.bw , Facebook: IEC Botswana Email: iec_info [at] gov.bw Opening hours: 07:30 to 12:45 and 13:45 to 16:30 Monday to Friday, except weekends and public holidays. Additional information can also be obtained in the Electoral Act. Give Us Feedback Your name Your email address Subject Message Link Footer Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Give Us Feedback enquiries [at] gov.bw () Copyright © 2022. All right reserved. Government of Botswana.