Voter Registration Transfer | Government of Botswana Skip to main content GOV.BW Search Main navigation Home Services Agriculture Benefits and Payments Culture, Sports and Tourism Education and Learning Health and Wellness Immigration and Civil Registration Labour and Employment Land, Construction and Housing Law, Crime and Justice Living in Botswana Licensing & Permits Natural Resources and Environment Social Services Trade and Industry Transport and Communications Service Links Administration of Justice Animal Traceability and Identification Independent Electoral commission Laws of Botswana Ministry of Finance and Economic Development Parliament of Botswana Tourism Services Trade and Industry Vehicle License Renewal e-visa e-Services About Government Contact Us Ministries and Agencies Parastatals Publications Local Authorities Land Boards About Botswana About our Country Public Holidays School Terms News & Events Events News Press Releases Contact Us COVID-19 Breadcrumb Home » Living in Botswana » Voting » Voter Registration Transfer Voter Registration Transfer Overview Any person who is a registered voter at one polling station and would like to transfer their registration to another polling station may apply to have their registration transferred. A transfer cannot take place when a vacancy has occurred in the polling district the individual wishes to be transferred to. Who is eligible? Citizens of Botswana, 18 years or above who hold a valid voters registration card. How do I get this service? A voter who wishes to transfer their registration of polling stations must bring their current Voter’s Registration Card to a Registration Officer in the constituency in which the new polling station is located. The registration officer will assess the voter’s eligibility to transfer polling stations based on place of residence and reasons advanced. If the voter is eligible to transfer, he/she must surrender their existing Voter’s Registration Card. The voter will then complete a Registration Transfer Card (Form J) The voter will be issued a new Voter’s Registration Card for the new polling station. The voter’s name will be deleted from the roll of his former constituency and added to the roll of the new constituency. If the transfer is not allowed, the voter will receive a Notice of Rejection (Form K) which can then be appealed. What supporting documents are required? Voter Registration Card (Form B). How long will this service take? Approximately two weeks from the time the voter visits the Registration Officer in the new constituency. How much does it cost? There is no fee for this service. Where can I get more information on this Service Please contact the office listed below. The Secretary Independent Electoral Commission Private Bag 00284 Gaborone, Botswana Phone: (+267) 361 2400 Toll free No: 0800 600 710 Fax: (+267) 3900581/3905205/3190889 Website: www.iec.gov.bw Facebook: IEC Botswana Email: iec_info [at] gov.bw Opening hours: 07:30 to 12:45 and 13:45 to 16:30 Monday to Friday, except weekends and public holidays. Additional information can also be obtained in the Electoral Act. Related Services Appeal Against Rejection of Registration Transfer Voter Registration Give Us Feedback Your name Your email address Subject Message Link Footer Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Give Us Feedback enquiries [at] gov.bw () Copyright © 2022. All right reserved. Government of Botswana.