Voting Facilitation | Government of Botswana Skip to main content GOV.BW Search Main navigation Home Services Agriculture Benefits and Payments Culture, Sports and Tourism Education and Learning Health and Wellness Immigration and Civil Registration Labour and Employment Land, Construction and Housing Law, Crime and Justice Living in Botswana Licensing & Permits Natural Resources and Environment Social Services Trade and Industry Transport and Communications Service Links Administration of Justice Animal Traceability and Identification Independent Electoral commission Laws of Botswana Ministry of Finance and Economic Development Parliament of Botswana Tourism Services Trade and Industry Vehicle License Renewal e-visa e-Services About Government Contact Us Ministries and Agencies Parastatals Publications Local Authorities Land Boards About Botswana About our Country Public Holidays School Terms News & Events Events News Press Releases Contact Us COVID-19 Breadcrumb Home » Living in Botswana » Voting » Voting Facilitation Voting Facilitation Overview Registered Voters may each cast one vote for their preferred candidate in National Assembly and Local Government elections on polling day. The date, locations and hours for the polls in each electoral district will be published by the district Returning Officers after nominations have closed. Each notice will also include the names, symbols and voting colours of the candidates for the district, as well as list the persons entitled to vote at each polling station. Who is eligible? Citizens of Botswana, 18 years or above who hold a valid voters registration card. How do I get this service? Voters wishing to cast their vote must present themselves before the polling officer at a polling station in their electoral district on polling day, during the hours of 06:30 to 19:00. Present your valid voter registration card and Valid National Identity Card (Omang) to the Presiding Officer. Having satisfied the Presiding Officer with qualifications, the voter will be provided with a ballot paper and guided through the voting procedure. What supporting documents are required? Valid Voter Registration Card Valid National Identity Card (Omang) How long will this service take? This process can be completed within five minutes of receiving a ballot at the polling station. How much does it cost? There is no fee for this service. Where can I get more information on this Service Please contact the office listed below: The Secretary Independent Electoral Commission Private Bag 00284 Gaborone, Botswana Phone: (+267) 361 2400 Toll free No: 0800 600 710 Fax: (+267) 3900581/3905205/3190889 Website: www.iec.gov.bw Facebook: IEC Botswana Email: iec_info [at] gov.bw Opening hours: 06:30 to 19:00 on Polling day. Additional information can also be obtained in the Electoral Act. Related Services Objection to Voter by a Voter Objection to Voter During Poll Voter Registration Give Us Feedback Your name Your email address Subject Message Link Footer Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Give Us Feedback enquiries [at] gov.bw () Copyright © 2022. All right reserved. Government of Botswana.