Welfare of Batswana in the Diaspora | Government of Botswana Skip to main content GOV.BW Search Main navigation Home Services Agriculture Benefits and Payments Culture, Sports and Tourism Education and Learning Health and Wellness Immigration and Civil Registration Labour and Employment Land, Construction and Housing Law, Crime and Justice Living in Botswana Licensing & Permits Natural Resources and Environment Social Services Trade and Industry Transport and Communications Service Links Administration of Justice Animal Traceability and Identification Independent Electoral commission Laws of Botswana Ministry of Finance and Economic Development Parliament of Botswana Tourism Services Trade and Industry Vehicle License Renewal e-visa e-Services About Government Contact Us Ministries and Agencies Parastatals Publications Local Authorities Land Boards About Botswana About our Country Public Holidays School Terms News & Events Events News Press Releases Contact Us COVID-19 Breadcrumb Home » Immigration and Civil Registration » Immigration » Welfare of Batswana in the Diaspora Welfare of Batswana in the Diaspora Overview The Department of Protocol and Consular Services in the Ministry of International Affairs and Cooperation provides assistance to Batswana in the diaspora to facilitate processing of their applications for passports and emergency travel documents, National Identity cards (Omang), replacement of birth certificates, Police clearance certificates, documents for repatriation of deceased Batswana and authentication of documents issued by the Government of Botswana. Who is eligible? All citizens of Botswana in the diaspora. How do I get this service? Visit the nearest Botswana Mission to apply in person for passports and emergency travel documents, National Identity cards (Omang), replacement of birth certificates, Police clearance certificates. What supporting documents are required? Submit Police report for lost documents 2 Passport size photos Birth certificate Copy of Omang Original fingerprints for Police clearances Cover letter requesting for Police clearance How long will this service take? 4 weeks. How much does it cost? Immigration fees. To confirm fees charged for Police clearances. Where can I get more information on this Service Department of Protocol and Consular Services Ministry of International Affairs and Cooperation Private Bag 00368 Gaborone Botswana Government Enclave Tel. (+267) 3600700 / (+267) 3600744 Fax. (+267) 3973067 / (+267) 3974516 Email. miacprotocol [at] gov.bw Give Us Feedback Your name Your email address Subject Message Link Footer Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Give Us Feedback enquiries [at] gov.bw () Copyright © 2022. All right reserved. Government of Botswana.