Women’s Economic Empowerment Programme | Government of Botswana Skip to main content GOV.BW Search Main navigation Home Services Agriculture Benefits and Payments Culture, Sports and Tourism Education and Learning Health and Wellness Immigration and Civil Registration Labour and Employment Land, Construction and Housing Law, Crime and Justice Living in Botswana Licensing & Permits Natural Resources and Environment Social Services Trade and Industry Transport and Communications Service Links Administration of Justice Animal Traceability and Identification Independent Electoral commission Laws of Botswana Ministry of Finance and Economic Development Parliament of Botswana Tourism Services Trade and Industry Vehicle License Renewal e-visa e-Services About Government Contact Us Ministries and Agencies Parastatals Publications Local Authorities Land Boards About Botswana About our Country Public Holidays School Terms News & Events Events News Press Releases Contact Us COVID-19 Breadcrumb Home » Benefits and Payments » Grants » Women’s Economic Empowerment Programme Women’s Economic Empowerment Programme Overview The Women’s Economic Empowerment Programme is an initiative to help groups of women obtain seed money to start their own income generating projects. This grant also accommodate groups that include both women and men. Who is eligible? Still under Review. How do I get this service? Still under Review. How much does it cost? There are no fees associated with this service. Where can I obtain this service? Groups may apply for this service at the nearest Gender Affairs Department Office. For more information, please enquire at any of the following Gender Affairs Department offices Opening hours: 7:30 to 12:45, and 13:45 to 16:30, Monday to Friday, except public holidays. Give Us Feedback Your name Your email address Subject Message Link Footer Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Give Us Feedback enquiries [at] gov.bw () Copyright © 2022. All right reserved. Government of Botswana.