Workers Compensation | Government of Botswana Skip to main content GOV.BW Search Main navigation Home Services Agriculture Benefits and Payments Culture, Sports and Tourism Education and Learning Health and Wellness Immigration and Civil Registration Labour and Employment Land, Construction and Housing Law, Crime and Justice Living in Botswana Licensing & Permits Natural Resources and Environment Social Services Trade and Industry Transport and Communications Service Links Administration of Justice Animal Traceability and Identification Independent Electoral commission Laws of Botswana Ministry of Finance and Economic Development Parliament of Botswana Tourism Services Trade and Industry Vehicle License Renewal e-visa e-Services About Government Contact Us Ministries and Agencies Parastatals Publications Local Authorities Land Boards About Botswana About our Country Public Holidays School Terms News & Events Events News Press Releases Contact Us COVID-19 Breadcrumb Home » Labour and Employment » Occupational Health & Safety » Workers Compensation Workers Compensation Overview This provides for compensation of workers for injuries suffered or occupational diseases contracted in the course of employment, or for death resulting from such injuries or diseases and for matters incidental and connected to the foregoing. When a worker gets injured or contracts a work related disease he or she must report the injury or the disease to his or her employer immediately or within 10 days of incurring such. Where a worker has given such notice the employer should have him or her examined by a medical practitioner named by the employer. The employer should report the injury to the Department of Labour within 17 days by completing the prescribed form (BL form 43/10) Application for workers compensation has to be made to the nearest Labour office within 12 months from the date the injury was incurred. Who is eligible? Workers Compensation is awarded to employees who incurred injuries or contracted occupational diseases/illnesses during the course and scope of their employment, these include all employees such as; Farm Workers Domestic Workers Security Guards Private Sector Parastatal Government Employees How do I get this service? When a worker gets injured or contracts a work related disease he or she must report the injury or the disease to his or her employer immediately or within 10 days of incurring such. Where a worker has given such notice the employer should have him or her examined by a medical practitioner named by the employer. The employer should report the injury to the Department of Labour and Social Security (DLSS) or Department of Occupational Health and Safety (DOHS) within 17 days by completing the prescribed form (BL form 43/10) Application for workers compensation has to be made to the nearest DLSS /DOHS Offices within 12 months from the date the injury was incurred. In order to access this service, employers of the injured worker should submit the following: Form 43/10 Form 43/02 Form 43/03 (to be completed by medical practitioner) Form 43/07 (to be completed by Insurance Company) In order to access this service, applicants must complete the following steps: Download, complete the Workers’ compensation form and submit with supporting documents to the nearest office Once the workers compensation forms are received by the department, assessment of the claim begins and acknowledgement letter written to the employer copied to the claimant If the claim legible the Labour Officer compute and write an award letter to the employer copied to the claimant. What supporting documents are required? Statement from 2 witnesses Statement from the injured worker Covering letter/statement from the employer Police report if it’s a Road Traffic Accident or Assault Post-mortem and Death Certificate in case of fatalities How long will this service take? The process depends on management of the injury by medical practitioner How much does it cost? No cost Where can I get more information on this Service Contact Numbers Department of Occupational Health and Safety Ministry of Employment Labour Productivity and Skills Development Private Bag 00241 Block 8, Government Enclave Gaborone Tel. (+267) 3732700 Fax. (+267) 3952261 Processing of claims around the country in all District Labour Offices but completed forms can be hand delivered or posted to the nearest office of the department. Opening hours: 7:30 to 12:45, and 13:45 to 16:30, Monday to Friday, except public holidays. Give Us Feedback Your name Your email address Subject Message Link Footer Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Give Us Feedback enquiries [at] gov.bw () Copyright © 2022. All right reserved. Government of Botswana.