Work Permit Application | Government of Botswana Skip to main content GOV.BW Search Main navigation Home Services Agriculture Benefits and Payments Culture, Sports and Tourism Education and Learning Health and Wellness Immigration and Civil Registration Labour and Employment Land, Construction and Housing Law, Crime and Justice Living in Botswana Licensing & Permits Natural Resources and Environment Social Services Trade and Industry Transport and Communications Service Links Administration of Justice Animal Traceability and Identification Independent Electoral commission Laws of Botswana Ministry of Finance and Economic Development Parliament of Botswana Tourism Services Trade and Industry Vehicle License Renewal e-visa e-Services About Government Contact Us Ministries and Agencies Parastatals Publications Local Authorities Land Boards About Botswana About our Country Public Holidays School Terms News & Events Events News Press Releases Contact Us COVID-19 Breadcrumb Home » Immigration and Civil Registration » residency and work » Work Permit Application Work Permit Application Overview This service gives a non-citizen permission to work in Botswana for a reward or to invest in Botswana for profit. Who is eligible? Non-citizens How do I get this service? Download, complete the Work permit application form and submit with supporting documents to the nearest Labour Office Collection of Work permit after notification if approved Applicant can check after service collection period What supporting documents are required? Copy of job advert not older than six months old Contract of employment Application letter for work (signed) Letter of offer or appointment letter Applicants’ Curriculum vitae (CV) Certified copies of educational certificates. Please note that all certificates in foreign languages must be translated to English and be confirmed by Botswana Qualification Authority Certified copy of a valid passport – biographic data page (picture, passport number, date of birth, birth place, expiry, etc.) 2 x Passport-size photos (with a white background) Clearance from relevant professional regulatory bodies Letter from the patient’s doctor (Nurse Aid/ Care taker) Supporting letter from relevant Ministries for Government projects CV for understudies Additional requirements unique to certain professions Extra Heavy Duty Driver - Copy of Botswana Driver’s License or copy of classifications from the Department of Transport, Motor Vehicle Registration Book for vehicles and trailers, B A permits for trucks, P A permits for public transport and list of vehicles and transport permit numbers Farm Worker - Farm Certificate/Title deed/ Lease Agreement, Brand Certificate and proof of livestock ownership, Employer’s copy of certified National Identity Card (Omang) Seasonal Agricultural Worker for a period not exceeding 6 months - Farm Certificate/Title deed/ Lease Agreement, Brand Certificate and proof of livestock ownership, Employer’s copy of certified National Identity Card. Professional or regulatory bodies (attach as annexure) Medical Field - permission from the Botswana Nursing Council, the Midwifery Council of Botswana, Botswana Health Profession Council or the Ministry of Health Teaching Field - permission to teach from the Ministry of Education, qualification evaluation from the Botswana Qualification Authority (BQA) Accountants - clearance from the Botswana Institute of Chartered Accountants (BICA) Footballer - clearance from the Botswana Football Association or Premier League Pilot - clearance from the Civil Aviation Authority of Botswana Engineers - Membership from Engineers Registration Board Investors Proof of investment by provision of Bank Statement Lease agreement/ proof of place of operation Company registration documents List of employees and their identifications, National identity card (Omang) for Citizens and certified copies of Work and Residence permits for Non- Citizens List of valued assets (attach certified copies of registration books for vehicles) Copy of certified valid Trade licence Certified copies of valid passport, biographic data page (picture, passport number, date of birth, birthplace, expiry, etc.) Company profile Current bank statement certified by the bank 2 x Passport-size photos (with a white background) How long will this service take? Fourteen (14) working days In case of renewal of work permit for employee and investor Above requirements for work permit apply Letter of renewal of contract Copies of both work and residence permits NB: Application for Renewal is to be submitted six (6) months before expiry of work permit How much does it cost? Work Permit fee - BWP 1,500.00 Work Permit renewal fee - BWP 1,500.00 Work Permit Replacement/ Duplicate fee - BWP 1,500.00 Late renewal submission fee - BWP 500.00 + BWP 20.00 each day after expiry of permits Where can I get more information on this Service District Contact Number Department of Labour and Social Security Head office, Gaborone Tel. (+267) 37372772 Gaborone Regional Labour Office I Tel. (+267) 3971406 Gaborone Regional Labour Office II Tel. (+267) 3956019 Francistown Regional Labour Office Tel. (+267) 2416933 Lobatse Regional Labour Office Tel. (+267) 5332569 Maun Regional Labour Office Tel. (+267) 68622705/2418 Selibe Phikwe Regional Labour Office Tel. (+267) 2611598 Serowe Regional Labour Office Tel. (+267) 4632579 Kasane Regional Labour Office Tel. (+267) 6250216 Opening hours: 7:30 am to 12:45 and 13:45 to 16:30, Monday to Friday, except public holidays. Give Us Feedback Your name Your email address Subject Message Link Footer Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Give Us Feedback enquiries [at] gov.bw () Copyright © 2022. All right reserved. Government of Botswana.