World War II (WW II) Veterans Allowance | Government of Botswana Skip to main content GOV.BW Search Main navigation Home Services Agriculture Benefits and Payments Culture, Sports and Tourism Education and Learning Health and Wellness Immigration and Civil Registration Labour and Employment Land, Construction and Housing Law, Crime and Justice Living in Botswana Licensing & Permits Natural Resources and Environment Social Services Trade and Industry Transport and Communications Service Links Administration of Justice Animal Traceability and Identification Independent Electoral commission Laws of Botswana Ministry of Finance and Economic Development Parliament of Botswana Tourism Services Trade and Industry Vehicle License Renewal e-visa e-Services About Government Contact Us Ministries and Agencies Parastatals Publications Local Authorities Land Boards About Botswana About our Country Public Holidays School Terms News & Events Events News Press Releases Contact Us COVID-19 Breadcrumb Home » Benefits and Payments » allowances » World War II (WW II) Veterans Allowance World War II (WW II) Veterans Allowance Overview The ex-service men and spouse(s) of a deceased veteran who were involved in World Wars I and II are entitled to an allowance in recognition of their contributions. The applicant must complete and submit a life declaration form every 6 months. The allowance is BWP600.00 Please note that this form must be written and signed in the presence of the District Commissioner. Who is eligible? Botswana citizens with a valid national identification card (Omang) who participated in World War I or World War II. Spouse(s) of a deceased veteran who participated in the wars and has not married another man who ever participated in the World Wars following the death of the veteran husband or wife. A deceased veteran's child under 21 years of age whose mother is also deceased. How do I get this service? Visit the local tribal administration office to request a declaration letter confirming the veteran's participation in the war. For a list of tribal administration office across the country, click here. Take the declaration letter and supporting documents to the District Commissioner's office, requesting enrolment into the veterans pension programme. For a list of these Botswana Urban and District Council offices, please click here. Download and complete the Registration of Beneficiary Form or visit the Department of Social Services to complete the form and submit with relevant supporting documents. Indicate preference of payment either through the 12 month voucher book at the post office / Tribal administration office in his or her area or monthly bank transfer. What supporting documents are required? National Identification Card (Omang). Declaration Letter from Tribal Authority. Passport (Non-citizen). Residence Permit (Non-citizen). Marriage Certificate (Spouse). Birth Certificate (Children). Veteran's Death Certificate (Spouse & Children). Spouse's Death Certificate (Children). How long will this service take? One (1) month. How much does it cost? No cost. Where can I obtain this service? Social Protection Service Offices at any District or Urban Council. Where can I get more information on this Service Ministry of Local Government & Rural Development Department of Social Protection Plot 54357,Varsha,CBD Private Bag 0097 Gaborone TEL: 397 1916 Fax. (+267) 397-1866 Opening hours are from 7:30 to 16:30, Monday to Friday, except public holidays. Related Documents Local Authorities Contacts (406.98 KB) Related Services Application for Professional Driving Permits (PrDPs) Give Us Feedback Your name Your email address Subject Message Link Footer Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Give Us Feedback enquiries [at] gov.bw () Copyright © 2022. All right reserved. Government of Botswana.