Youth Development Fund  | Government of Botswana Skip to main content GOV.BW Search Main navigation Home Services Agriculture Benefits and Payments Culture, Sports and Tourism Education and Learning Health and Wellness Immigration and Civil Registration Labour and Employment Land, Construction and Housing Law, Crime and Justice Living in Botswana Licensing & Permits Natural Resources and Environment Social Services Trade and Industry Transport and Communications Service Links Administration of Justice Animal Traceability and Identification Independent Electoral commission Laws of Botswana Ministry of Finance and Economic Development Parliament of Botswana Tourism Services Trade and Industry Vehicle License Renewal e-visa e-Services About Government Contact Us Ministries and Agencies Parastatals Publications Local Authorities Land Boards About Botswana About our Country Public Holidays School Terms News & Events Events News Press Releases Contact Us COVID-19 Breadcrumb Home » Benefits and Payments » Grants » Youth Development Fund Youth Development Fund Overview Youth Development Fund (YDF) is a socio-economic programme for start-ups and expanding businesses. YDF was introduced in the financial year 2009/10 as an economic empowerment programme meant to assist aspiring youth to venture into various economic enterprises funded at 50% loan & 50% grant. MYSC works in collaboration with other stakeholders such as Local Enterprise Authority to build the spirit of entrepreneurship and other government ministries and parastatals who offer technical support. YDF aims to achieve the following: Promote active participation of youth in the socio-economic development of the country Encourage the out of school, marginalized, unemployed and underemployed youth to venture into sustainable and viable income generating projects Promote the development of competitive, sustainable and growth-oriented citizen owned youth enterprises Reduce rural-urban migration by making it attractive to start growth-oriented enterprises in rural areas. Create sustainable employment opportunities for young people through the development of sustainable projects. Who is eligible? Botswana citizens aged 18-35 years Out-of-school youth Unemployed youth Underemployed youth earning less than P2 500/month Youth cooperatives comprising of 5-10 members Existing youth businesses: self-funded and funded through other government schemes such as LIMID, Poverty Eradication, Out of school youth grant whose businesses have operated for 6 months and above How do I get this service? Call for applications is done annually between May and June. Download the Youth Development Fund application form or get them from the nearest MYSC District Office. What supporting documents are required? A cash-flow forecast statement covering all revenue and expenditure for a period of 12 months Two (2) sets of quotations covering all items included in the proposed budget A copy of valid license of operation (where applicable) Certified copies of valid national identity document (Omang) for all business partners A letter of intent to lease or lease agreement in cases of operating businesses or proof of ownership thereof Curriculum Vitae of all members/partners Certified copies of vocational and or academic certificates or traceable references (where applicable) Copy of partnership deed, or cooperative constitution, or memorandum and articles of association (where applicable) Company resolutions for loan application Succession plan Certificates of business registration and shareholder's certificate should show full details (i.e. names and ages) of members. (Form 2 & 5 listing Company Directors) Certified copies of parents/guardians/spouse’s national identity card (Omang) Proof of market (letters of intent to buy from potential customers, market research report) The expert consultation form should be part of the YDF form as a guide to youth to consult with the relevant experts that are in line with their proposed projects (where applicable) For married applicants (in community of property) there should be written consent from the spouse ITC clearance report upon approval and this should be provided by the applicant Applicants to provide documents confirming suitability of the proposed project site How long will this service take? The turn around time for processing applications is Forty-five (45) working days. How much does it cost? No cost. Where can I obtain this service? Nearest MYSC District Office. Where can I get more information on this Service All Ministry District offices Ministry of Youth Empowerment, Sport and Culture Development Y2K Building – Central Business District Plot 54372 Private Bag 00514, Gaborone Botswana Tel. (+267) 3682600 Fax. (+267) 3913473 Toll Free No. 0800 600 883 Facebook Page: MyscBW Twitter Page: @myscbw Instagram Page: myscbw Email: mycontactzone [at] gov.bw Opening hours: 07:30 to 12:45 and 13:45 to 1630 Monday to Friday except Public Holidays. Related Forms YOUTH DEVELOPMENT FUND APPLICATION FORM (515.38 KB) Related Documents YOUTH DEVELOPMENT FUND GUIDELINES (582.9 KB) Related Services Botswana National Service Programme (Tirelo Sechaba) National Internship Program Give Us Feedback Your name Your email address Subject Message Link Footer Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Give Us Feedback enquiries [at] gov.bw () Copyright © 2022. All right reserved. Government of Botswana.